Justifications based on civic equality and solidarity [“civic” worth]
Justifications based on civic equality or solidarity refer to the collective welfare as the standard of evaluation, and propose or oppose projects based on such goals as equal access and protection of civil rights. Various forms of these “civic” justifications are found in both cases, and equality or solidarity is often the guiding logic underlying the modes of engagement or organization, especially in the Somport case. There are comparative differences also, relating generally to the fact that in the United States the emphasis is more on equal rights, while in France the emphasis is on solidarity against inequality (but not as much on civil rights: cf. the contributions of Michèle Lamont and Abigail Saguy in this volume, who find the same differences in the implementation of civic justifications). There are also many examples in both cases where equality and solidarity justifications are combined or integrated with other types of justifications, although in different ways in the two different cases (e.g. combinations of civic and technical – industrial worth – arguments in France, combinations of civic equality with opinion, market, and environmental justifications in the United States). In the Somport case, both proponents and opponents make a range of quality or solidarity arguments: the project, like other infrastructure developments, is very often defended by the state and by other proponents as a way to meet the common needs of citizens, and as a way to maintain equality of access and communication between regions. The opposition campaign makes different sorts of civic arguments, but they also engage in modes of protest and organization which embody these civic goals. For example, there has been an attempt to make connections between the Somport struggle and other similar disputes in Europe, in the Alpine region including Switzerland, which involve the choice of building a railway tunnel for the transportation of cars and trucks (“ferroutage”) versus a road or traffic tunnel (the opposition prefers a railway). This attempt to generalize the cause is couched in civic language of “solidarity between struggles” during meetings where spokespersons provide testimonies of comparable experiences. The opposition to the Somport project also organized many demonstrations and used the high level of participation in their demonstrations and their unitary slogans as proof for their arguments against the project. In the Clavey case, civic justifications are utilized by the various players on both sides of the dispute (as in the Somport case), but are more commonly employed by the opponents of the dam project. The local “grassroots” opposition coalition in Tuolumne County often emphasizes their representation of a diverse array of local people (not just the rafting interests or the environmentalists), and the silent solidarity of many more uninvolved but concerned local citizens. The proponents of the dam, however, also lay claim to this silent support of the locals. Both sides at different times collected thousands of names on petitions and submitted them to either the local Board of Supervisors or the national FERC officials. This dispute over who has “public opinion” on his side reveals the connections in the United States between two modes of arguing: a “civic” mode of arguing based on a figure of “majority” commitment to one’s side and on the need to “raise consciousness” for gaining more active supporters; a mode of arguing (to be reviewed in detail later) based on “renown” attempting to gain media attention or to “put the issue on the national agenda,” as environmentalists explicitly tried to do with the Clavey dispute. In the US case (as in other domains investigated in this volume: cf. chapters by Cyril Lemieux and John Schmalzbauer, and by Nathalie Heinich) frequent references to the “majority” offer a bridge between civic and renown justifications. This connection has historically been a highly legitimate argument in American political culture. Whereas in France, the civic reference to the “general interest” or “solidarity” is not indexed on the number of supporters or some measure of public opinion (see the next chapter for further exploration of this also). The debate over the Clavey in the Turlock area, the valley agricultural region where the power from the dam would be used, provides additional insight into how solidarity is conceived in terms of opinion in the United States Both sides in this arena – Turlock Irrigation District proposing the dam versus the opposition from corporate “ratepayers” and the “Ratepayer’s Alliance,” a group claiming to represent the residential customers – claim to be doing “what’s best for TID’s ratepayers” and to offer evidence that “public opinion” is in their favor. For example, the opposition groups compiled lists of groups opposed to TID and tried to make the list as diverse and as public as possible. It is also notable that the environmentalist-sponsored opposition group called itself the “Ratepayers’ Alliance.” This name shows the connection often made in the United States between civic equality concerns and market concerns, which were seen as more effective and generally resonant than strictly environmental arguments (or environmental-sounding group names). The term “ratepayer,” which is commonly used throughout the United States, is in one sense a market identity – a “customer” of the power “company” – but it also signifies a civic, non-market identity – a citizen (or citizens as a group) being served by a “public utility” which they usually cannot abandon for another competitor utility for the market reason of lower price. The Alliance leaders often utilized this dual connotation because it allowed them to emphasize market arguments at some times and civic equality arguments at others. The same sort of combination of equality and market arguments is usually rejected in France (see also Camus-Vigué in this volume). In contrast, it is more common in France for equality and solidarity justifications to be connected with justifications concerning infrastructure planning and technical efficiency (“industrial” rather than market worth). Projects like the Somport tunnel are often defended by their developers as meeting the needs of citizens (collectively and equally) through the most competent technical planning. In fact, the civil servants of the Ministry of Public Works (Ministère de l’Equipement), charged with planning and building infrastructure projects, denounced local opponents of the Somport project as trying to protect their own piece of land and remaining stuck in the past, while resisting “progress” and denying the benefits of the project to all others. A durable “compromise” between equality arguments and environmental arguments has been developed in the United States earlier and to a greater extent than in France. The great concern with protecting everyone’s equal right to access to nature (at least on “public lands” such as national parks or forests) is both promoted and regulated with the goal of keeping individuals from appropriating nature for their own exclusive use. United States programs and devices to promote equal access to nature include interpretive nature trails, nature education centers, and, in the Clavey case, United States Forest Service regulation of rafting capacity on the Tuolumne River designed to protect the river from overuse and to preserve the pristine wilderness experience for others to enjoy. The debate over the recreational uses of the Clavey reflects the importance of “making nature available to all people,” but also shows a further connection to market arguments in the US (similar to the one observed in the publishing industry, where popular access means both general availability and market distribution).33 In fact, both sides in the Clavey debate claim to be concerned with marketing recreational services so that many people will be able to enjoy nature. The opposition groups maintain damming the Clavey will take the Clavey away from the people who want to enjoy it recreationally through rafting or fishing or hiking. TID and other dam proponents, on the other hand, retort that the Clavey is currently so remote that only “wealthy yuppies” who can pay the high price for a rafting trip or for wilderness gear can now enjoy it, while their project will provide new roads into the Clavey canyon and many more opportunities for “flatwater recreation” on the reservoir and camping on its shores. The attempt to reconcile civic equality arguments with environmental arguments is also at the core of the much-disputed “wise use” movement and the wise use group involved in the Clavey conflict, TuCARE (described earlier). TuCARE argues that their populist approach to environmental protection (“wise use” of resources, not abuse nor complete preservation of them) is a better reflection of local public sentiment (in an area where many residents work in “resource extraction” industries), and a better representation of what is good for all local citizens, than that of the environmentalists (who, they claim, care little about the good of most local citizens). Both of these examples of connections between equality and environmental arguments are not nearly as well developed in France – where there is no institutional equivalent of the “wise use movement” – but the land-use planning of protected areas has been recently growing in France. 
The Civic World
Probably no work presents a better account of what a civic world, at least in its French version, must be, than Rousseau's Contrat social. In the civic polity, as in the domestic polity according to Bossuet, civil peace depends on the authority of a sovereign whose position, above the selfish lusts of individuals, secures the common good. But Rousseau's sovereign is disembodied. In the civic world, a sovereign is formed by the convergence of human wills, as citizens give up their particular interests and direct themselves exclusively towards the common good. This civic worth counteracts the personal dependencies on which domestic worth is based, as well as the opinions of others which constitute the worth of renown. In the civic world, persons are small if seen as particulars, following the dictates of a selfish will, and, in contrast, relevant and worthy if seen as members of the disembodied sovereign, exclusively concerned with the general interest. In order to list the main objects, persons and devices of a civic world, and to describe companies' situations set up according to this logic, we used two union guides, published by the CFDT, which complement each other, How to elect or designate the delegates and La section syndicale (The union section). The way the labor force is organized in the field of work is regulated by social laws which are themselves the outcome of the nineteenth-century effort to implement a civic principle of equivalence. The peculiarity of the civic world is to lay Stress on beings who are not individual beings but collective ones. Individual human beings can be seen as relevant and worthy only as they belong to a group or as they are the representatives of a collective person. In this world, important persons are, therefore, federations, public communities, representatives or delegates. Their qualities are to be official or statutory. The relevant objects are either immaterial as, for example, rules, codes, procedures, or material, as union premises or ballot boxes. Trustworthy relationships are those which involve or mobilize people for a collective action. 

The preeminence of collectives (HIGHER COMMON PRINCIPLE)
Collective, All, Will (general). Rule governed and representative
Unitary, Legal, Rule governed, Official, Representative, Authorized, Confirmed, Free. The aspiration to civil rights (DIGNl1Y} Civil rights, Political aspirations, Participation. Collective persons and their representatives
(SUBJECTS) Public collectivities, Party, Federation, Chapter, Office, Committee, Elected official, Representative, Delegate, Secretary, Member. 
Legal forms (OBJECTS)
Rights, Legislation, Decree, Order, Measure, Courts, Formality, Procedure, Transcript, Infringement, Capacity (electoral), Code, Criterion, District, Slate (of candidates), Program, Policy, Statement, Poster, Brochure, Ballot, Tract, Slogan, Seat, Headquarters, Local office, Acronym, Card. 
The renunciation of the particular
(INVESTMENT)
Solidarity, Transcending (divisions), Renunciation (of immediate interest), Struggle (for a cause). Relation of delegation (REI.AT/ON OF WORTH)
Membership, Representation, Delegation, oppression (of aspirations). Gathering for collective action (RELATIONSHIPS)
Unify, Mobilize, Assemble, Join, Support, Appeal, Debate (democratically), Speak out

(take the floor), Inform, Codify, Legalize, Authorize, Refer (to a court). The democratic republic (FIGURES)
Republic, State, Democracy, Base, Electorate, Institutions (representative),
Parliament. Demonstration for a just cause (TEST)
Assembly, Congress, Council, Meeting, Session, Movement, Presence (manifest the presence of), Dispute, Recourse, Justice
(demand). The verdict of the vote (JUDGMFNT) Voting, Election, Consultation, Mobilization, Cause
(support a) Awareness (achieving). The legal text (EVIDENCE) law (the), Rules (legal), Statutes. Division (THE FALL)
Divided, Minority (in the), Particular, Isolated, Cut off (from the electoral base),
Individualism (self serving), Deviation,
Subgroup, Irregular, Arbitrary, Annulled, Removed. 
The Civic World
The distinctive feature of the civic world is that it attaches primordial importance to beings that are not persons. In this world, the ones who accede to higher states of worth are not human persons but rather the collective persons that they constitute by meeting together. Insofar as human beings belong to or represent collectives, their worth can be taken into consideration. But the very existence of such collective beings, which have no bodies of their own, can easily be challenged: "Only individuals truly exist". Thus the things and arrangements included in the civic world are destined above all to stabilize and equip the collective persons, to objectify them in such a way as to give them body, permanence, and presence. A relation of equivalence can be established among beings insofar as they all belong to a collective that includes and transcends them. Collective beings themselves are included within other, larger collectives, embedded in sets of which the most inclusive is humanity itself. Persons are all subject to the same justice because everyone possesses a conscience that is fashioned in the image of the collective conscience and because everyone is capable, by listening to the voice of this conscience, of subordinating his or her own will to the general will. This act of becoming aware gives persons "the will to organize themselves," that is, to surmount the singularities that divide them in order to bring about the union of all. Thus a "collective workers' organization" is "open to all workers, whatever their political or philosophical opinions, nationality, age, or sex". People's actions are relevant when, as participants in a social movement, they take part in a collective action that gives meaning and justification to their own individual behavior: this "action ... is not a simple accumulation of positions or individual initiatives but collective action". In the civic world, the worthy beings are the masses and the collectives that assemble and organize them. Their worthiness is qualified first by their dimensions: confederate ("confederate congress"), national or international, and by the fact that they belong to public space as opposed to the "private" world: one speaks of "public agencies". Moreover, persons or collectives gain in worth when they work toward union, when they strive to "unify" people, to "break down their isolation," to concentrate "the collective power of salaried employees grouped around common objectives," and when they manage to express, in a "unitary concept," the "problems common to all". This activity is liberating because it frees people from the oppression of selfish interests. The "labor movement," which ensures "the unity of workers," can thus be qualified by its "liberating mission". A being can also be qualified as worthy if it is recognized as representative, a term that, in the civic world, designates the way in which other beings are included and the relation of worth among beings. To be a representative gives authority within an organization, and confers the capacity to exercise a power. The representative is qualified to "accomplish the mission" that is its vocation, its calling. Thus "only labor unions ... are qualified to negotiate with management". The representatives are duly mandated. The law, for example, confers a "legal character on the representatives of the personnel". Legality defines a form of worth that is particularly appreciated in this world. It belongs to texts when they are regulatory or legislative, to representatives when they are official, to members when they are confirmed as such, to delegates when they are valid: "the validity of the delegate's nomination" must be "subordinated to the preexisting constitution of the chapter". It is similarly necessary to verify the legality of candidates, who, in order to be eligible, must be free, that is, detached from the· bonds of personal dependence that constitute the worth of people in the civic world: "To be eligible, one must ... not be a near relative or the spouse of the employer". This detachment is what guarantees the candidates' independence and ''freedom of speech": one must "respect ... the independence of judgment that is necessary in such circumstances"; and a "lack of independence with respect to management suffices in itself for a labor union to be declared nonrepresentative" Freedom is the condition of dignity, because it respects the aspiration of citizens to unity. Beings may escape from chaos-in this world, that means from division-and thus attain worth because they are naturally political. They harbor in themselves an aspiration that inclines them toward what is common, toward what unites them and incites them to break down their isolation. This is what confers on them the quality of citizens invested with civil rights: "The salaried employees of the company are presumed to enjoy their civil rights". The common aspiration to … defines the dignity of persons. In the civic world, beings are persons when they are capable of having rights and obligations, that is, when they have been created or authorized by an act in which the will of all is expressed. The worth of persons depends on the state they are in: as particular persons, they are unworthy because they are reduced to being merely themselves, "isolated individuals," slaves of their own particular interests and condemned to powerlessness; they become worthy when they accede to the general state and make themselves the expression of a general will and the embodiment of a general interest. Thus the local chapter is a collective person because it assembles several individuals in a form that has been recognized and constituted in a legal process that confers rights upon it: "A chapter may not be instituted ... on the basis of a single person". Its worth depends on its capacity to bring its members to the general state by mobilizing them around a common interest: "The chapter has to seize the moment when the workers become aware of their exploitation and of the need to fight, in order to transform them into members, into militants". It can then fulfil! its vocation, which is to "take charge of the workers' entire set of interests". In this state, where they are worthy because they have achieved solidarity, individuals are members, militants, representatives, elected officers, collectors, treasurers, secretaries, delegates. But the chapter, like the other collective persons of the civic world (offices, committees, federations, confederations, parties, commissions), and like the moral beings that represent the collective interest (elected officials, representatives, delegates) can lose its worth if, backsliding into the particular in the wake of a deviation, it ceases to "function democratically": the union chapter is not exempt from deviations, and it is appropriate to "control the delegates," to remain vigilant. If these "fundamental principles" are forgotten, the collective being breaks down and is diluted, becoming no more than a sum of individuals moved by their individual interests: "When interventions (in meetings) are numerous, and contradictory, the final decision can only remain with the delegate or delegates. That is why the union chapter has to play its full role under the circumstances, by proposing initiatives. Indeed, it is inconceivable that it should refuse these responsibilities, that it should be diluted, and disappear at the high points of its action". To resist the tendency that attracts them toward the particular, moral beings in the civic world have to be stabilized by means of equipment. The collective will from which they derive-and the more general it is, the more worthy it is- must be provided with its own instruments in order to express itself. To make itself heard, it requires "seats to be filled," polling places, voting booths, ballots," "measures allowing an electoral campaign to take place normally"- slates of candidates, for example. Next, in order to sustain their existence, collective persons must assert their presence and acquire headquarters, endowing themselves with a material existence that renders them concrete; they must manifest themselves in objects. The claim that a collective person endowed with a "civil status" has its own personality, is indeed a person, is a reasonable one in the civic world. Yet this fact is challenged from the standpoint of the other worlds, which deny the reality of collective persons and accredit only the diversity of the individual persons of which they are composed. In order to make "concrete ... the presence and the active role" of collective persons, material means are used that allow their presence to be brought out in a form accessible to the senses. Thus the local branch needs to have "offices in large corporations". Having headquarters indeed constitutes one of the main devices a collective person can use to objectify its existence (see Boltanski 1987, 144). In order to make itself visible, the chapter, like any other collective person, must have at its disposal the "equipment needed to produce a tract, a typewriter and a copy machine," and it must acquire "useful and indispensable tools in order to express and defend the workers' interests," such as "highly visible" posters, informative signboards, newsletters, and brochures. Thus the brochure we are using here as our reference states in its introduction that it "has to be a basic tool for the militants who participate in the life of a chapter". If their material existence is to appear in a striking fashion, collective persons must also be circumscribed in space by boundaries, which assign them a sector or district ("electoral district"). Furthermore, their vocation has to be specified by a definition that spells out the organization's goals and thereby endows it with legal existence ("the law itself gives no definition of ... "). This definition provides criteria, for example "criteria of representation," and codes making it possible to identify the various collective persons and to distribute among them the individuals whose identity may be defined in turn by their membership in collectives. It confers on them a right of presence and a right to vote, prerogatives that are attested by cards, contributions, and receipts: "The receipt for contributions on which the collector records the sums received". To maintain their standing, collective persons must also be associated with symbols and emblems, with identifying acronyms: "The acronym must always be clearly apparent". Possessing neither a body nor sense organs, the will of a collective person, if it is to be clearly expressed, must be summed up in ready-made formulas allowing for repetition by multiple voices without alterations or deviations, such as slogans (which "are to be used often"), resolutions ("the resolution on democratic procedures adopted by the 28th Congress"), objectives ("salaried employees banding together around common objectives"), positions ("publicize the union's positions"), programs ("the program developed by the National Resistance Council"), policies ("base our practice on a set of common policies"), or lines ("party lines"). The will of these collective persons is less subject to caution when it is asserted in official forms such as orders (a "group created by an order'), decrees ("decree of application"), rulings ("the basic text of the ruling dated February 22, 1945"), dispositions ("dispositions peculiar to certain professions"), judgments (''judgments handed down by courts"), and also proclamations ("the proclamation of the elected officials"), proposals ("the proposed text" of a law), and protocols ("the protocol of understanding"). Even exceptions, which lack worth in this world because they are singular by nature, can be acknowledged when they are codified under the legal form of infringement ("infringements of the conditions of seniority"). When actions are undertaken in legal forms, they give rise to procedures such as the production of transcripts ("the transcript of the election"), measures ("the establishment of measures"), or formalities. Thus the notification to the company of the election of a delegate in a registered letter with return receipt requested is an "important formality," because "the date of receipt of this letter marks, in principle, the starting date of the delegate's protected status". In the civic world, one attains worth by sacrifying particular and immediate interests, by transcending oneself, by refusing to place "individual interests ahead of collective interests". Thus militants renounce "forms of action which only the immediate and sometimes personal interests of the workers are taken into account.” This is the condition of solidarity. But people's attachment to their own particular interests, their selfishness and their individualism, are such strong tendencies that the creation and maintenance of collectives requires a tireless struggle: "A chapter cannot be created from one day to the next. The building of this instrument demands constant struggle against the bosses, who are hostile toward its existence, and at times struggle against oneself". Collective persons are in fact confronted with a particular difficulty. In order to exist, they must express themselves (the right for the union organization to act and express itself directly") in declarations, yet they cannot take the floor except by borrowing the voice of a representative or of a responsible official who tends, as a private individual, to monopolize the interventions that belong to all. It is thus necessary to "control the elected officials". One may seek to prevent the dissolution of collective persons by codifying them, by subjecting them to a legal obligation, by consecrating them with reference to a legal framework. A delegate may, for example, be authorized, "invested with specific functions" that are codified in texts (such as collective conventions), that define his status, acts relating to his competence and the incompatibilities that concern him: "The mandate of delegate is incompatible with the mandate of administrator". When the obligation is not respected, subjection to a legal framework ultimately authorizes the collective person to "take any needed steps," to take appropriate recourse ("appeal to the judge"), or to exclude the offender, which precipitates him back into a state of unworthiness. Civic worth depends first and foremost on membership. The person who becomes a member gains in stature because he breaks out of his isolation. "Broad-based membership on the part of the workers" is what constitutes their worth. But it is the mechanism of representation that expresses the relation of worth in this world in a specific way. The power of representation granted to a person who benefits from a mandate is what authorizes him to encompass others, to speak in their name, to be their spokesperson. Representatives and delegates are more worthy because their mission is to translate and express the aspirations of the masses. They have the capacity to represent the others' interests, that is, to transform the interests of each into a collective interest: "The feeling of dissatisfaction is spontaneous-the sense that something is wrong. The job then is to find out what is wrong, what has to be changed, and tum that into a demand". In the civic world, finally, in order to be legitimate, the relation of worth must be exercised within legal forms that define and limit representation according to the domain (political parties, unions, and so on), and according to time (the length of the mandate). The legitimate representative must report back to the base, that is, to the people whose association constitutes the collective. The principal mode of relation in this world is the association that makes it possible to turn a multitude of individuals into a single person. To create a collective, it is necessary to assemble, regroup, reunite, unify. The capacity for collective action is manifested by recruiting, extending, implanting, or spurring initiatives: "It may be a matter of an initiative on the part of some workers who, although in the minority, contemplate initiating an action". But this world, always inclined to lapse into the particular, requires conscious and active mobilization if it is to hold together. Persons must be continually on the alert to avoid splintering and to preserve a collective character. Representatives must be "in close liaison with the workers"; members must "remain in constant contact with the organizations ... and with their policies". They must launch appeals, debate democratically, pursue discussions, publicize their policies, inform, and, in order to be heard, multiply explanations as much as possible". The civic world, which can develop only in the context of a State, finds its most perfected form in republics and in democracies, which ensure the representation of citizens united in electoral bodies (electorate, electoral college, representative institutions, parliamentary democracy). Thanks to such institutions, the general will can emanate from the base: "In the framework of these activities, union members know the pulse of the workers. They know what aspirations come to light in the workplace. If the chapter has a tendency toward apathy, they can arouse it, spur debates, and so on. The members are truly at the base of the union chapter". Democracy is the most appropriate political form for the manifestation of the general will that constitutes the model test for the civic world. The peak moments in this world are thus moments of unity, meeting, and membership ("call a meeting of the membership") in which the reality of the collective person is confirmed by the physical presence of its_ members: demonstrations, movements, assemblies, councils, sessions, congresses. These gatherings are particularly favorable to the development of collective worth when they aim at demanding justice by taking recourse to the law to settle a dispute or, better yet, when they provide the opportunity for a reconsideration that appeals to the judgment of all against institutions and against judges accused of monopolizing the law and bending it in favor of the particular interests of certain parties. Judgment is the expression of the general will that may be manifested in the inner self of each person through the achievement of awareness ("it is within the company that workers begin to become aware that they have common interests"); this may be manifested by a collective reflection or in the form of a mobilization around a cause, or it may use democratic instruments: voting, elections, the designation of representatives. The form taken by evidence is the law in which the expression of the general will is inscribed. Its reality is clear when it is embodied in texts that can be invoked and in legal rules that can be applied: "The new delegates ... will find useful information here on the legal rules that are applicable in such circumstances". The polity comes apart when it yields to the particular. Whatever dilutes, splinters, or restrains is unworthy: "What would the chapter be if it were limited to a restricted number of members?" Thus the domestic bonds of corporatism are constantly denounced because they divide workers: "corporatist demands that only contribute to dividing the workers still further into different categories". To put an end to this divided state, it is necessary to "break down the trade structure that has splintered the working class". Beings, when they are not strongly held together by bonds of solidarity, go astray and allow themselves to be led into deviations. They dissolve into subgroups, or, worse, into self-serving individualism: "Democracy cannot be improvised in this world shaped by individualism". People left to themselves, prey to their own appetite for personal power, monopolize speech and, "practiced in influencing assemblies," "make decisions along lines that have very little to do with the interests of all the others". In the minority, they form a tight inner circle: "There is a great risk that a hierarchy will be constituted among the militants and that a tight inner circle will be created, one that cannot really use the existing possibilities". They are finally isolated and cut off from the base, and this absence of grounding in the general will gives them an arbitrary character contrary to the rule (irregularity) that leads them toward a fall and annulment (qualities that characterize the greatest deficiency imaginable in the civic world): "salaried workers who have been removed from their union functions"; "irregularities that may lead to the annulment of the elections". 