Justifications based on tradition and locality [“domestic” worth]
Another distinct category of arguments relies on justifications where traditions are valued and are constantly being revisited in making judgments about the present, and where locality and ties to a place are revered. Evaluations of this type support hierarchies of reputation and trustworthiness. These justifications relate to what Boltanski and Thévenot (1991) term the “domestic” order of worth in which the claim of a general value is warranted by personal tie or local attachment, so that personal character or proximity are considered the source or building blocks of universal goods. In the French case, arguments of this sort are found in the call by project opponents to protect the region’s treasured culture and heritage (patrimoine in French), of which the valley’s landscape is a significant part. In the American case there are many similar arguments pointing to the preservation of a place close to one’s home and hearth, and references to the region’s heritage. But these arguments are oriented less around the idea of heritage and patrimony in the United States and more in terms of the protection of one’s “backyard,” either as a protection of private property (a compromise with market arguments) or a rejection of non-local authority. 
Justifications based on tradition and locality are utilized extensively by opponents of the Somport project in France, and there are a variety of rich testimonials from the inhabitants of the Aspe Valley on the need to preserve a patrimony and way of life cherished by many and upheld in various ways by existing traditions of the region. This local view is summarized in a report on the project, “This project will confiscate the best cultivated land. The movement of animals [transhumance] by shepherds will be impeded by the new transportation axis. The tourism industry, which is presently harmoniously integrated in the area, will suffer from the proximity of a heavily used road. The local trades and craftsmanship which give life to the villages will be forced to disappear.” This shows the consideration of the French “landscape” of villages – with their distinct cultures, traditions, and crafts that are highly differentiated across regions (régionalisme) – as a tourist attraction threatened by the project. When local officials and some residents support the project with these sorts of justifications, they compromise local patrimony with market or infrastructure arguments. They claim the project is important for local development: it will improve tourist access to the area, open markets for local trades, etc. As the mayor of the small valley town of Borce explains, “It [the project] is the only possibility we have at present to develop handicrafts, trade, industry, and tourism in our isolated region, which is becoming more and more depopulated.” The “compromise” is made in proposed restrictions to the width of the road: “We only need a two-lane road with three-lane sections for passing. This will create the necessary and indispensable exchange among nearby locals,” says another local mayor who supports the project. 
Many of the arguments in the Somport case, in both camps, refer to the harmonious existence of “living on the land”: “what was really significant for me was this land; I did not want to betray this land. We have a fabulous land” (a pro-project local mayor); “My valley is so beautiful, I pity those who left” (an anti-project shepherd). Close connections between people and their land, from villagers who reside in the small valley communities to the shepherds who make their living traveling to remote and rugged mountain pastures, through fishermen and hunters. In France, the idea of “domesticating nature” includes nature and animals as parts of the broader human community or “habitat.” Also, the idea of a “landscape” in France is not simply used to refer to a wild area or a vista; rather, a landscape specifically includes the human community, the towns, the networks of trails and roads around the villages, scattered but integrated groups of houses, etc. Even the old railway running through the Aspe Valley is now seen as a part of the “domestic” landscape and is favored as part of the heritage of the area – a past infrastructure project has been transformed into a patrimonial value. 
In the Clavey dispute there are also many examples of arguments, almost exclusively among the local opposition activists, calling for the preservation of a treasured local place which is a valued piece of the local history and heritage as well as a location of special meaning for the personal history and lives of many inhabitants. For example,Wally Anker is a retired banker who now raises horses on land near the Clavey that has been in his family since they were early settlers in the nineteenth-century Gold Rush. He spearheaded the founding of the Clavey River Preservation Coalition and he would begin his speeches with a story about how he first visited the Clavey in 1944 as a teenager, at a time when the Clavey was legendary among the local “old-timers” as the most remote and wild stream for trout fishing.37 Upon returning to the area in the 1980s, Mr. Anker resolved to help keep it that way for his grandchildren. Talking about the Clavey, another activist muses, “You know, there’s a certain thing to be said about a sense of place, and that’s hard to put into words. Pride, sort of.” He goes on to say the river has since taken on this familiar meaning, this “sense of place,” for his son and daughter whom he took to the Clavey’s banks throughout their childhood. These personal stories are made public and assumed to have a public (not simply private) value because of the general legitimacy made possible by this order of worth based on locality and tradition. Another comparative difference in the ways local attachments are valued and made general are the references to the good of protecting one’s personal home or “backyard,” which reveals divergent ideas about ownership, property, and individuality between the United States and France. In the United States the defense of one’s property is strongly stated and tied to an individual identity, and it rests on private ownership and property rights (which also sustain market worth) (Perin, 1988). The acronym NIMBY (“Not In My Backyard”) is first a rejection of any intrusion on personal property but also has a broader usage as a rejection by a community of an unwanted development or an environmental health risk. Clearly, though, NIMBY is a powerful conceptual tool and motivating force for United States activists. For example, Marty McDonnell describes his intense involvement with the opposition coalition in these NIMBY terms: “We had a personal interest in it, this is our backyard. This is my home. You know people will pick up guns and defend their home. I will go to the wall [for] my backyard.” He determines what he will fight for, then, based partly on locality, partly on a notion of individual possession or even property – “my backyard” – that is not found in similar justifications in France. In France the attachment of a human to property is, in law, dealt with in this liberal way (the individual is the owner of property and locus of privacy), but there is also a different sense of a shared attachment to the land within a local community, particularly in agricultural areas, where local heritage and integration of people with the land are the issues, not private individual ownership. In the United States, where individualism is strongly defended even at a community level (Bellah et al. 1985; Varenne 1977), often in opposition to federal (or other non-local) intervention, it appears more legitimate for someone to argue on the basis of private ownership or NIMBY. Whereas in France, there appears to be a greater tendency to appeal to values more general than NIMBY such as tradition, la patrie (Wiley 1974), or nationalism (see Brubaker 1992, on the evolution of a national conception of “citizenship” in France); for example, saying “my backyard” is part of “our” local or national heritage. 
The Domestic World. 
The domestic world was extracted from a commentary of Bossuet's work, La politique tiree des propres paroles de l'Ecriture sainte. In a domestic world, people's worth depends on a hierarchy of trust based on a chain of personal dependencies. The political link between beings is seen as a generalization of kinship and is based on face-to-face relationships and on the respect for tradition. The person, cannot, in this world, be separated from his/her belonging to a body, a family, a lineage, an estate. In Bossuet's political construction, the king, who is the greatest being, is comparable with a father, who sacrifices himself for his subjects. In this model one must, to evaluate someone's worth, know his place in the network of dependencies from which this person draws his own authority. In order to describe the objects of the domestic world of the present, we used a practical guide teaching good manners and human relations within the company, intended for socially mobile workers who had been promoted to more responsible positions (entitled Savoir vivre et promotion). In this book, important and worthy persons are chiefs, bosses, or even relatives. Their main qualities are to be distinguished, straightforward, faithful and to have character. The typical objects are, for instance, visiting cards, gifts, estates, houses, titles. Among the relevant ways to make relationships we note the act of recommending somebody, giving birth, breeding, reproducing or presenting an invitation. 
Engenderment
according to tradition
(HIGHER COMMON PRINCIPLE)
Generation,
Hierarchy, Tradition. 
Hierarchical superiority (STATE OF WORTHINESS)
Benevolent, Well brought up, Wise,
Distinguished,
Discreet, Reserved,
Trustworthy, Honest,
Faithful. 
The poise of habit (DIGNITY} Good Sense,
Habits, Naturalness,
Character. 
Superiors and inferiors
(SUBJECTS) More worthy beings: Father,
King, Ancestors,
Parents, Family,
Gruwnups, Leader,
Boss. Less worthy beings: I, Unmarried Person, Foreigner, Woman, Child, Pet. 
Others: Vtsitor, Surroundings (members of), Neighbors, Third party. 
The rules of etiquette (OBJECTS) Good manners, Proper behavior, Rank, Title,
Dwelling,
Introduction,
Signature,
Announcements, Gifts,
Flowers. 
The rejection of selfishness
(INVESTMENT}
Consideration, Duty (and Debt), Harmony. 
Respect and responsibility
(RELATION OF WORTH)
Authority, Subordination,
Respectability, Honor,
Shame. 
(RELATIONSHIPS}
Reproduce, Give birth,
Train, Invite, Give,
Receive, Return,
Recummmd, Thank,
Respect. 
Household, Family,
Milieu, Principles,
Customs, Conventions. 
Family ceremonies
(TEST) Celebration,
Birth, Death,
Marriage, Social
events, Conversation,
Distinction,
Nomination. 
I
I
The Domestic World
The domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today. When this world unfolds, the search for what is just stresses personal relationships. The worth that, in the domestic world is a function of the position one occupies m chains of personal dependence can only be grasped in a relational sense: worthier than ... , less worthy than... For the same reasons, the exercise of worth is subject here to constraints of place and time linked to the need to present oneself in person in the presence of others, in order to manifest one's own importance. This need underlies the interest taken in everything having to do with the body, its clothing and its presentation. Arrangements of a domestic nature are weakly equipped with instruments for acting from a distance; such instruments are particularly well developed, in contrast, in the CIVIC world, which lays emphasis on the objectivity of rules detached from persons and on mechanisms of representation. In the domestic world, objects are not apprehended according to their own worth, as is the case in the industrial world, but essentially according to how much they contribute to establishing hierarchical relations among people (we find examples in objects used in the context of social encounters) and also, according to the degree to which they facilitate the inscription. of the worth and thus the identification of personal counters. In the domestic world, where beings are immediately qualified according to their worth, in such a way that their manifestation necessarily entails a determination of their position in a hierarchy, the inscription of signs of worth in the form of titles, heraldry, clothing, marks on the body, and so on, is sought in order to limit the uncertainty of situations involving personal encounters and to reduce the costs of identification. But the importance that the processes of inscription take on tends to attach worth to persons. The case of irrevocable titles and especially hereditary titles is exemplary: such titles render critiques powerless, because in most instances they cannot reach their intended goal, namely, the institution of a new test. Tests thus often take the form of confirmations; this is apparent in the archaic expressions of the domestic world offered by fairy tales, which are saturated with anecdotes in which a worthy person, disguised as someone of lesser worth, is subjected to a test that reveals his own inherent worthiness (for example, "The Princess and the Pea"). 
It is through reference to generation, tradition, and hierarchy that order can be established among beings of a domestic nature. These three terms themselves are in a relation of equivalence, because the bond of personal dependence that connects a less worthy person with a superior-always constructed in the image of the father, whose state of worth is highest because he is the incarnation of the tradition-can be conceived in more than one way: since the worthiest person is found at the point of origin, the bond can be read as a link either in the chain of generations or in a hierarchical chain. In domestic worth, beings in a state of worthiness achieve superiority in each of the three components: as part of a hierarchy, they are worthy owing to the relation that connects them to worthier beings by whom they are appreciated and valued, beings who have attached them to their persons. It is in this way that they are distinguished; the quality of distinction does not presuppose here, as it does in the world of fame, a competition of all against all in a marketplace of esteem, but rather the exclusive judgment of a superior or leader and the elective choice that makes someone stand out from the ranks. Beings are also worthy because they are rooted in tradition, that is, they are proper (as opposed, for example, to legal in the civic world or to exact in industrial arrangements). They exist in continuity (a property of the unworthy in the inspired world), and they possess all the qualities that manifest permanence, such as firmness, loyalty, punctuality. These virtues are manifested in behavior that varies depending, on the one hand, on whether the relationship with intimates or with outsiders is emphasized and, on the other hand, whether the relationship with superiors or with inferiors is emphasized. Attentive to intimates (for example, a spouse), to whom one owes thoughtfulness, attention, and propriety, the worthy person is cordial with visitors: "The reputation of households is often made by visitors; thus one always benefits from being very cordial toward them, whether they are important or not". When they face superiors, beings worthy of esteem are deferential, which "does not however imply obsequiousness, opportunism, or flattery". In this context, they are honest, presenting "their viewpoint with frankness" but without offering "systematic opposition," and they maintain relations of trust. This attitude "will tend to create a climate of understanding" based on discretion and reserve: "the best way to appear well brought up". Nevertheless, less worthy persons "avoid familiarity with their hierarchical superior, even if they know him personally, especially in front of third parties. Trust in others, superiors are informed and wise. In the domestic world, where worth presupposes personal loyalty to a worthy being and membership in the closed universe of a household, objects are all the more private in character (letters, for example) to the extent that they are associated with the more worthy beings, and discretion consists in "refusing to listen to gossip and especially in refusing to pass it along". In relation to the less worthy beings for whom he is responsible, the superior has the duty to share with them, according to their rank'. The qualities that constitute his own worth. If the superior is benevolent and helpful with everyone, "everybody will be grateful to him". True worth in fact presupposes simplicity (acting "in all simplicity"), delicacy (of feelings), and thoughtfulness: "Nothing is more despicable than the person who, moving up to a higher station, behaves disagree ably with his subordinates on the pretext that he is now the boss. This is where upbringing shows its full value ... Thus it is absolutely useless to be distant, bossy, humiliating. Quite the contrary. Even if niceness can sometimes look like weakness, it always ends up being recognized as a form of upbringing and is accordingly all the more appreciated". Still, "delicacy does not exclude firmness". Upbringing, which produces "the well-brought-up person" in whom reserve is combined with poise, is in the end precisely what associates the worthy state with generation, a relation that is established here (as is often the case when an utterance reveals what lies at the heart of the natural order) in the mode of what we shall designate further on by the term "desecration": "Those who hold or who believe they hold the secrets of a good upbringing claim that it takes at least three generations to produce a wellbrought-up man". The worthy act naturally because they are moved by habits. This arrangement, locked into the body, ensures the stability of behavior without requiring obedience to instruction, as industrial routines do. Thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior. "Only habit gives poise," because it makes good manners natural ("natural courtesy"). These attitudes are also natural when they are based on good sense ("principles based on good sense") or on predispositions ("get a favorable predisposition right away"), as they often turn out to be naturally in harmony with the way the world is evolving. The term "natural'' ("drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door") also designates, finally, the character that is revealed in one's behavior toward other people and "reflected" in one's personal presentation and bearing. In this world, bearing is inherent in persons because it manifests character, which is habit made human ("personal bearing reflects the individual"). 
In a domestic world, beings are immediately qualified by their relationships with others. When beings belong to the same household, the relationship is one of order. … The terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise. When the principle of subordination is engenderment and when the relation to others is established by means of reproduction, the more worthy beings precede and the less worthy follow in the generational chain: thus forebears and ancestors- grandfather and grandmother, father-in-law and mother-in-law, uncles and aunts, parents- are more worthy; children, or girls, are less worthy. 
But the principle of engenderment is not irrupted to procreation, and within a given household the more worthy beings are the primary causes of the less worthy ones, apart from blood ties: thus the husband (more _worthy)
makes a woman his wife (less worthy) by marriage; the master or the mistress of the household contains, and is, the beings included therein: unmarried persons, children, servants, household pets. In a domestic world, in which beings can be qualified according to an extensive range of different states of worthiness, the less worthy are always present and designated as such because they are the very substance with which the worth of the more worthy that include them is constructed. Thus persons who possess dignity in subordination, however unworthy they may be, are only truly deficient when they find themselves detached from the units that included them, either by distancing (foreigner, outsider) or owing to their own selfishness. The father is principle of cohesion in the family, the one who establishes the link to an origin; like the boss, or, earlier, the king, the father is the one who lifts beings up by means of the dependence in which he holds them and who thus gives them access to all the worth they are capable of achieving according to the level they occupy. Since beings are always defined by a relation of subordination. 
Similarly, less worthy beings are equivalent and no particular feature of childhood distinguishes small children from the other subordinate beings (unmarried persons, servants, and so on) for whom the more worthy beings are responsible. Finally, when beings are not directly qualified by belonging to a hierarchical unit (household, guild, and so on), the relation that defines them does not specify their worth, which depends on that of a person with whom they have a relationship: a friend, a confidant, an intimate, a guest, an acquaintance, and so on, may be more or less worthy according to the worth of the other term, and association with a worthy person, which raises one's status, is opposed to undesirable associations, which lower it. 
In the domestic world, objects are primarily determined by the way they support and maintain hierarchical relationships among persons. Thus "small gifts nourish friendship" and foster bonding because they call for something in return: "Thanks are owed for everything received: flowers, gifts, candy, books, and so on," and- "a sacrosanct principle--every letter requires a reply". "New Years greetings" create "a family tie and habits of courtesy that characterize well-brought-up children". The same thing holds true, in life's peak moments, for congratulations, condolences, good wishes, and also recommendations, which provide opportunities to exchange marks of trust from person to person: "When we entrust a letter to someone so that he or she will transmit it on our behalf to another person (a letter of introduction or recommendation, etc.), the letter must be presented unsealed. This proves that we trust the messenger. But etiquette requires that the latter seal the letter himself in the presence of the sender". Similarly, the "rules of etiquette," like the rules of correct behavior or good manners, which are the trappings of worth in the domestic world, link and separate by opening and closing doors: "The good manners cherished by our ancestors used to open many doors". Conversely, "a failure to observe the rules of good behavior can close doors, and the slightest blunder may have consequences at the level of the situation (a term that here designates a professional state precisely in that it depends on the position occupied in chains of personal dependence and on the Javor of superiors). The objects that circulate, flowers or gifts, right down to the "smallest courtesy toward others," indicate, by their direction, the relative worth of the persons among whom they are exchanged. Thus, in introductions, "one always introduces the other person to the one to whom the greatest respect is owed," so that, "in practice, the least important person is named first". Similarly, polite formulas vary depending on whether they are addressed "to subordinates," "to more or less everyone to whom one has no particular obligation," "to acquaintances with whom one is on equal footing, to persons with whom one is in a relation of equality with a nuance of respect, to a hierarchical superior, to a client, to an older person, to an important person, to a lady, to acquaintances with whom one's relation is friendly, or to intimates," that is, in function of the respective position of the persons involved according to hierarchy, sex, age, or degree of intimacy. A handshake is also an instrument of worth, a tool devised from the body itself; depending on the order of gesture, a handshake may raise or lower a person's standing:
"It is up to him (the leader), not you, to offer his hand first". Objects and arrangements are thus the means by which beings recognize one another's worth, just as they know their own; this is the way they know and deploy the relative worth of the persons involved and also the way they make themselves known. The ordering of ranks and stations ("rise above one's station") makes it possible to find one's place in hierarchies and to allocate deference and respect in such a way as to "be correct in all circumstances": "In principle, if there is a hierarchy, there are ranks and, normally, there are reasons for which the leader 1s superior to you; consequently, he is owed a certain deference. "Arrangements indicate the identity of persons and announce them: "It is preferable to arrive early and to announce oneself". Visiting cards ("on white card stock in the classic shape and design"), letterheads on which "one's title is included," signatures, which put an end to anonymity ("the rather disagreeable anonymous aspect of illegible signatures"), handwritten letters, which identify because they bear the mark of a unique handwriting (as opposed to typewritten letters, of an industrial nature, which are not suitable for "personal correspondence"), the announcements by means of which one "informs of the birth of a child" are all "ways of introducing oneself” that make it unnecessary for the interlocutor to ask who you are "Such a question is displeasing, because it includes a reproach to the interlocutor for failing to inform of something that should be known. These identifying arrangements reveal persons by linking them to a household, a family, a milieu, a society (in the sense of "a respectable social group"). Indeed, "personal introduction reflect an individual's temperament and character" in the same way that one's place of "residence" (in the literal sense of dwelling as the materialization in accouterments of the worth of a household and a family) "is in the image of its occupants". In the domestic world, the more worthy beings have duties ("even more than rights") with respect to those in their entourage, and especially with respect to those whom they include and for whom they are consequently responsible. These duties call for "the rejection of all selfishness": "discomfort is produced in social life when one approaches it only in terms of oneself and not in terms of others". One's duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak. Carrying out these duties is what makes "life in common" pleasant, what "makes life enjoyable," what allows individual relation to be harmonious. 
In the domestic world, in fact, the more worthy include the less worthy as if they had created them. The former have precedence over the latter in the order of generation, and by the same token also in hierarchies. This primacy is a source of authority. Thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents". The more worthy constitute the very being of the less worthy: hierarchical superiors supply the worth of inferiors and define their identity. Leaders are thus the honor of subordinates. Conversely, the less worthy, who share by way of personal dependence in the worth of those to whom they are subordinated, are part of the more worthy who include them and who bear responsibility for them. The two groups are not separate from one another, but rather of the same flesh. This mode of understanding beings is expressed in pride, respect, and shame. The less worthy are proud of the more worthy who complete them, and subordinates have respect for superiors who have consideration for them. 
Similarly, the more worthy are proud of the less worthy who are parts of themselves: "Never let a child leave the house without checking quickly to make sure that everything is in order and that one can be proud of him". Each understands the others in terms of the respectability conferred on him by the degree of subordination in which he finds himself. Thus, for example, one must never "do an end run around a subordinate by giving an order to staff working under that person". But those who are really respectable know, on the other hand, how to earn respect. Thus parents whose children treat them. Disrespectfully are at fault: Inferiors indeed have the ability to lower the standing of their superiors. They can do this by taming their superiors' honor; this presupposes a compromise with the world of public opinion: "What can be said of the wife who, through her own fault, compromises her husband's honor or reputation?" But inferiors can also squander their inheritance (which involves a market worth). 
Access to superiority comes by way of a good upbringing. In a domestic world, in which beings have to ensure the permanence and the continuity of a tradition, relations concern upbringing first and foremost. Indeed, "your own upbringing will be judged by that of your children". It is through upbringing that naturalness is transmitted. To have good bearing and to behave correctly and naturally, one must have been well brought up: "drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door. ... One must do everything one can to make sure that naturalness results from a good upbringing". A well-ordered world is thus first of all a world in which the children have been well brought up, and are trained in good manners. It is the parents' duty to educate proper etiquette and behavior in their children in a continuous, lasting, and thoroughgoing way, so that the children in turn will become well-brought-up adults: "To be well brought up is to know how to conduct oneself correctly in all circumstances. To be we// brought up is to know how to behave with poise, without shocking, irritating, or annoying others. Indeed, good bearing is above all a habit". And this training in habit, a "second nature" that creates the natural faculty of poise (as opposed to the deliberateness and awkward artificiality of effort), is formed through imitation and example: "the climate in which children are immersed from their earliest years. 
In a hierarchical order, judgment belongs to the most worthy person, who must thus not be kept in the dark about anything so that she can issue an informed ruling: "Don't let [the leader] remain unaware of the problems about which she should normally be informed .... Ask for a meeting with her while respecting the ground rules (company policies, hierarchical order)". The forms of evidence that support judgment belong to the category of examples, cases, especially anecdotes in which exemplary behavior on the part of appreciated persons is identified and offered as a model. The order of the world can be grasped in its full generality through the unfolding of uniqueness. In the domestic world, the forms in which nature is inventoried are collections of narratives, curious and instructive stories, allegories, and also collections of personal objects and relics, objects worth keeping because they have been used by a worthy being. Thus in this world the forms of the general are identical to the forms of the particular in the industrial or civic worlds. 
… It is indeed via the more worthy that persons find themselves diminished, since, better placed in the chain that binds them to their origins, they intervene by rendering superfluous the beings that they include and of which they are the accomplishment. But they are also, and for the same reasons, the unique source from which dignity and worth may be drawn, since it is only in contact with them that participation in what constitutes superiority can be achieved. Indiscretion, a passionate attraction to what is hidden, is thus always directed, in a domestic world, from the less worthy toward the more worthy. With tireless attention it targets the unworthy behaviors of the worthy
(for example, the bad company they may keep). This fascination is mingled on the one hand with the satisfaction of catching the worthy off guard, of positioning oneself closer to them by diminishing them, and on the other hand with the disappointment of seeing true worth by the same token become more remote, for true worth no longer resides authentically in those who turn out to be its natural heirs, and is no longer accessible through the mediation of dependence. But malicious gossip, transmitted in person-to-person chitchat, from mouth to mouth, only diminishes the unworthy who lend themselves to it and who, by circulating rumors, which the worthy refuse to do, betray their superiors: "If you are not in agreement with your superior and_ if he maintains his position, do not criticize him outside [1.e., to others] .... This would be to betray his trust". Betrayal is an extreme case of deficiency, because it disaggregates and takes apart: it finishes the job of setting apart and detaching the person who, by making his independence known on the outside, undermines the unity of the house and thus makes it vulnerable. The person who commits an act of betrayal is thereby excluding himself and reducing himself to a nonentity. 
Knowing how to bestow trust
(JUDGMENT)
Appreciate,
Congratulate,
Compliment,
Criticize,
Report. 
The exemplary anecdote (EVIDENCE)
&ample (give as an), Prejudice. 
Lack of inhibition (THE FALL)
Impolite,
Blunders,
Loudmouth,
Gossip,
Troublemaker,
Indiscreet,
Disorderly,
Vulgar, Envious,
Flatterer,
Traitor