Justifications based on inspiration and emotion [“inspiration” worth]
A less obvious but often quite significant category of justifications involve judgments based on inspiration, passion, and emotion, and often point to the singularity or creativity of a person, object, or action which is the source of inspiration. The “proof” for inspiration justifications is the display of an emotion, or otherwise showing that one is moved or overwhelmed or awed. Although these sorts of arguments often lead to the critique that they are unable to be discussed or challenged as general (more than personal) claims, and that they are irrational or unreasonable, we find that emotionally inspired (or inspiring) gestures and claims can be publicly displayed, commonly evaluated, and criticized within a specific order of worth.40 They can be the proof of some valuable attachment beyond mere personal feelings, of people making the step from personal passion to a kind of generalized argument where inspiration is valued as a common good. In both the Somport and Clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature. In the French case, the expression of inspiration arguments are best illustrated through the actions and rhetoric of the main opposition figure, Eric Pétetin. Pétetin is often portrayed in quasi-religious terms, e.g. as “an English preacher sermonizing alone in the desert” who presumably preaches his opposition message from a spiritual inspiration.41 Pétetin gives impassioned speeches with artistic flair and gestures; he lives in an abandoned railroad car in the Valley and, in a similarly avant-garde way, has transformed the derelict railway station into a café to welcome hip, non-touristy travelers.  The radical singer-songwriter Renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: “The Aspe Valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that I have had the privilege of seeing.” There is also a local shepherd, Labarère, who has been an active opponent of the project and who writes poems in the native dialect of Béarnais extolling the beauty of his land. One of his poems reads: “The Bedous peaks, what a grandiose place / Hidden in the heights of the Aspe Valley / Two giants watch over it, the Audà and the Soperet / Two stone giants clothed in red / Who, since eternity, look at one another like a couple in love.” Another quote from Pétetin reveals the inspirational value placed on the “harmony” of man and nature: “The Aspe Valley is a stone cathedral, unique in the world. Because it is narrow and winding, it is impossible to build anything without destroying its balance and its beauty and harmony.” In the Clavey case, inspiration arguments almost always relate to the sacred value of nature and many in the United States talk about the highly emotional, even spiritual experience they have in the wilderness of the Clavey area. People refer to the Clavey canyon as a special place evoking personal tranquillity, and they talk about the transformative “feeling” of being a mere human in the rugged wilderness of the area. This is particularly true of the professional river rafters who became involved in the opposition campaign (they spend more time physically near the Clavey than anyone else), and of the members of the Me-Wuk tribe who attach not simply an emotional but a religious importance to the Clavey canyon. Finally, like Pétetin, Clavey activists refer to the natural “harmony” of man and nature, an equilibrium that is beautiful and inspiring, that is found in the remote canyon. Clearly the examples in this section from both cases involve not merely inspiration justifications about the awe or passion to be derived from nature, but also environmental or green justifications which imbue “nature” and “wilderness” with some measure of inherent value beyond its effect on humans. 

The World of Inspiration
The construction of this world is based on St Augustine's City of God and on the treatise Augustine devoted to the problem of grace. In this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows. This worth rests upon the attainment of a state of grace and is, therefore, completely independent of recognition by others. It arises, particularly, in the personal body when prepared by asceticism, and especially through emotions. Its expressions are diverse and many-sided: holiness, creativity, artistic sensibility, imagination, etc. Reference to this world is made, nonetheless, each time people attain worth without bothering about opinions of others. It is, for example, the case of artists. Artists do not necessarily reject public marks of reputation or financial recognition, but they must, in order to be allowed to accept them, make a compromise, which is always difficult to reach, with another kind of worth, say, for example, with that of renown or of the market. Even when they attain recognition, they never see in their success the very bases of their work's value or of their own. In order to display the objects of the inspired world we used a practical guide devoted to the development of executives' creativity written by a 'creativity consultant', whose title is La creativite en pratique. As with the other guides we shall mention later, one can draw from this work a list of terms referring to persons, objects, qualities and typical ways of making relations. Without going into details, one can show that, in the world of inspiration, the relevant beings are, for example, spirits, crazy people, artists, children. These beings are worthy and great when they are odd, wonderful, emotional. Their typical way of acting is to dream, to imagine, to rebel, or to have living experiences.

The outpouring of inspiration (HIGHER COMMON PRINCIPLE) Inspiration. Inexpressible and ethereal (ST/U'E OF WORTHINFSS) Bizarre, Unusual, Marvelous, Unspeakable, Disturbing, &citing, Spontaneous, Emotional.  The anxiety of creation (DIGNITY). Love, Passion, Create. Visionaries (SUBJECTS) Spirit, Shade, Monster, Fairy, I, Child, Woman, Madman, Artist. The waking dream (OBJECTS) Mind,
Body, Dream, Unconscious, Drug. Escape from habits (INVESTMENT). Calling into question, Risk, Detour. The universal value of uniqueness (RELATION OF WORTH). Genius, Independent.  The alchemy of unexpected encounters (RELATIONSHIPS). Create, Discover, Quest, Imagine, Dream, Explode (cause to). The reality of the imaginary (FIGURES). Imaginary, Unconscious. Vagabondage of the mind (TEST). Adventure, Quest, Mental Voyage, Pathfinding, Lived Experience. The stroke of genius (JUDGMENT). Illumination, Intuition, Spring Up, Appear, Chance, Bubbling Up, Revolution, Vertigo, Surpass (Oneself), Masterpiece, Planet, Aura. The certainty of intuition (EVIDENCE) Phantasm, Symbols, Signs, Analogy, Images, Myths. The temptation to come down to earth (THE FALL). Paralyzed, Habit, External Signs, Reproductive.

The Inspired World
THE INSPIRED WORLD, in which beings must be prepared to welcome changes of state, is weakly equipped and not very well stabilized. All the things that support and outfit equivalence in the other worlds, such as measures, rules, money, hierarchy, and laws, are missing here. Given its weak level of accouterment, this world tolerates the existence of internal tests that are minimally objectifiable, if at all. This practice shelters inspired worth from the opinions of others worth in this world is indifferent to signs of contempt but it also accounts for the fragility of this form of worth. The inspired world has to confront the paradox of a worth that eludes measure and a form of equivalence that privileges particularity. In this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness. In an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is .spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves. It is manifested by feelings and passions, and it is experienced as devouring, terrifying, enriching, exciting, exalting, fascinating, disturbing, and so on. What is worthy is what cannot be controlled or-even more importantly- what cannot be measured, especially in its industrial forms. Worth is often qualified negatively in such a way as to emphasize what is lacking, what would be needed in order to grasp, evaluate, and stabilize a situation. Inspired persons are not afraid to define themselves by using terms that would devalue them according to a different logic, as for example when one qualifies oneself as irrational. In the inspired state of worthiness, beings are not subject to industrial measures, reason, determination, or the certainties of technology; they deviate from the ordinary and "take on bizarre airs." They are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange." They know how to recognize and welcome what is mysterious, imaginative, original, unspeakable, unnamable, ethereal, or invisible, and they are at ease in informal situations. The passion that moves them instills in them at the same time a desire to create- a desire awakened by inspiration- along with anxiety or doubt, love for the object pursued, and suffering. The worthiest persons in terms of inspiration are often despised by the world at large; they may be poor, dependent, and useless. But their deficient state actually enhances their access to knowledge of the world's truly harmonious figures (heaven, the imaginary, the unconscious, and so on). This holds true for children, who are "curious, inventive, passionate," for women, the simple-minded, and madmen, and also for poets, artists (who are of the same "nature as women"), monsters, ''frightening, imaginary creatures," and other freaks of nature. In this world, in which beings are appreciated for their uniqueness and in which the being with the highest degree of generality is the most original, the worthy are at once unique and universal. One shifts without transition from the singularity of the I to the generality of man. Thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: Baudelaire, Cocteau, Einstein, Galileo, Mozart, Shakespeare, and the like. According to this logic, there are beings even worthier than artists, beings who inhabit magical worlds (shades, fairies, magi), but when these are evoked in the work we are drawing on here it is always in a desecratory mode. Poverty leads to worth through a stripping away that leaves the body bare. Indeed, in the inspired world, the objects and arrangements that equip worth are not detached from persons. They stem equally from a mind and a body (a gift may be manifested either in gestures or in words) that are prepared to receive inspiration- in other words, that are cut off from what connects them to arrangements of other natures and placed in a state of availability. To surpass oneself, one must plunge down into the place where worth can be manifested- that is, into oneself-"take a sort of mental voyage," "a trip without drugs, as it were"-in order to awaken one's "dormant faculties" by means of dreams and fantasies; one must "know how to use sleep," give oneself over to daydreaming, "not always think about being useful, efficient, logical, rational." The same results can be achieved with the help of devices borrowed from religions of the Far East, from zen, and from psychoanalytical approaches." Access to inspired worth thus calls for sacrificing forms of stabilization and the contrivances that ensure the identity of persons in other worlds. One must "break out of habits and routine," "accept risks," "reject habits, norms, sacrosanct principles," and call everything into question while shaking oneself loose from the "inertia of knowledge." The terms that designate the operation of avoiding alternate worlds (which are denounced as illusory) take on particular relief here: to prepare oneself for worthiness is to "shed one's rational mental outlook," "give up" everything in order to devote oneself to one's vocation, shed one's skin, get rid of one's old self. However, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "No painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time . .. . He knows, on the contrary, that he will have to experience failures, run in place for long periods, start over again and again before succeeding." The "unforeseen accidents of creation" ("with all its-happily- uncontrolled and mysterious aspects"), its detours, call for humility, which allows one to "transcend the prideful assurance of the expert." Worthy persons in the inspired world understand other beings, encompass them and bring them to fulfillment, not by representing what they all have in common (as spokespersons do in the civic world, for example), but rather by asserting their own uniqueness. It is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good. They thus have the duty of shaking off the yoke, of separating themselves from the herd, of seeking individual liberation, not in order to pursue a selfish goal but in order to achieve human dignity while reestablishing authentic relations among human beings. In the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation. Each being creates and allows itself to be created by others. One must thus adopt a state of openness, a welcoming attitude in order to allow "the mysterious alchemy of creation, the alchemy of things and the alchemy of words," an alchemy that composes an ever-new and shifting world: "we are speaking in vague terms of unheard-of riches, of significations that are infinite in their variety and by that very token highly imprecise." The inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations. Indeed, only in universes detached from reality- from "demoralizing reality," or what purports to be such in other worlds, and especially in the industrial world-can true worths be manifested: thus it is necessary to "explode what is called reality." The way to escape from reality is to "let imagination run wild," "turn individuals into explorers of the imaginary so they can succeed in "descending into the unconscious," for "all creation draws upon the unconscious." A true adventure is an inner adventure, and a true voyage is a voyage of the mind, a pathfinding, a quest. This mode of translation is opposed to everything that, in other worlds, and once again especially in the industrial world, grasps movement in the accomplishment of a determination, in a trajectory that is predictable and thus "boring." The path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises." To follow this route is to "find one's own paths." It leads to the experience of particular states "in which the barriers are down," bodily states and mind-Jests that are moments of plenitude and inspiration. In such peak moments-in the creation of a masterpiece, for example-inspiration manifests itself spontaneously, suddenly, in a disorderly fashion, gripping the creator and obliging him to "surpass himself." Its way of appearing is to deposit a breath that animates, that draws "imagination out of its stupor" and prods it to take off. It is in the nature of inspiration to pour out, to spring up, to manifest itself through a ''flash of genius," a "spark" that will provoke the appearance of an idea, an illumination or unusual intuition that disturbs, bringing in its wake a "confused bubbling up," a "strange whirlwind." In this state, one grasps the world by way of impressions and feelings, through an aura of happiness, vertigo, fear and trembling.  For the real world is not directly accessible to the senses. It allows itself to be known by means of signs that unveil its existence and suggest what it may be, but without making itself present. These signs, conveyed through words or images, take the form of coincidence, analogy, or metaphor. All coincidences are relevant because "relationships, often tenuous or purely intellectual ones" exist "among all the elements of our universe." The manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas. One must adopt a "different language," that of "images, phantasms, symbols, myths, legends," shot through with associations, open to the fantastic, to dreams, and "nourished by the prodigious accumulation of images, memories, and myths that has built up without our conscious awareness." Evidence takes the form of an affective state, a feeling that is spontaneous, involuntary, and fleeting; its validity demands neither approval from others (as it would in the world of fame) nor the construction of a routine that stabilizes relationships among objects (as it would in the industrial world). Retreat outside dreams leads to a fall. Beings in the state of unworthiness are defined with reference to the world of fame, in that they seek respect and attach "importance" to "social position" and to "external signs of success." They are also qualified by properties that express both the determination and the reproduction of sameness (as opposed to originality) and also the flexibility and stability of that which, lacking impetus or held in restraint, cannot grow: they are frozen in the repetition on of (industrial) routines or (domestic) habits, and locked into the reproduction of what is already known. Knowledge acquired through education-the routines of schooling or the habits of family life-thus constitutes an obstacle to what leads toward worth: amazement or enthusiasm. The polity comes undone when the temptation to come down to earth wins out over the impulse to take flight.
