Justifications based on the market [“market”worth]
Arguments involving market justifications evaluate worth based on the price or economic value of goods and services in a competitive market. Relevant pieces of evidence brought in support of these arguments only “qualify” for market justifications as long as they can be treated as exchangeable goods or services. These justifications consider the worth of things only in terms of price, and support a very short-term construction of time in which the market competition “test” is the basis for evaluation. Market arguments for the projects in dispute in our cases might include, for example, claims that the project will boost revenue for a region’s commercial areas, or that it is the cheapest method of providing a service for which there is demand. In general, the use of market arguments are more common and well developed in the United States case. In the French case, market arguments come “from above” (from Brussels) rather than emerging “from below” as in classic market economics. Market arguments are endorsed by local actors only when they are “compromised” within the idea of “local development,” i.e. articulated with arguments based on traditional trustworthiness entrenched in local and personal ties (another order of justification dealt with in detail in a later section). In the French case, the road and tunnel were conceived and defended by the European Community (EC) in Brussels as an integral part of the Pan-European transportation network intended to foster the “free circulation” of goods and people, which is the main reference point in the construction of the EC. Supporters of the tunnel claim it will integrate and provide access to previously isolated or “landlocked” areas – the French term “désenclavées” is used to express this process – which are situated at the periphery of the EC. The road is defended as a way to reduce the cost of transit traffic. The funding for the project was proposed in Brussels as a way to promote competition and free markets in Europe through better transport of goods. However, the sorts of evidence that are most characteristic of the way market arguments are put to a “test” – e.g. comparative prices and actual competition – are not provided in the course of debate over the merits of the Somport project. While the French case begins with market arguments but contains no consequential market evidence, the American case seems to end with market arguments, and market evaluations seem to have considerable consequences for the eventual fate of the project. Throughout the dispute over the proposed Clavey dam, the opponents attempted to characterize the project as “economically unfeasible,” while Turlock Irrigation District (TID) and its allies continually claimed the dam was the “cheapest” way to meet the long-term energy demand of Turlock residents. Market evaluations were particularly salient in the Turlock area of debate, as the local opposition group, Turlock Ratepayers’ Alliance, emphasized the impact of the project on the electricity bills of county residents.
Several opponents acknowledged this emphasis on economics as a keen strategic move on their part, designed both to avoid being labeled as “environmentalists” (in an area where environmentalism has little public support) and to appeal to the sensitivity of politicians to economic arguments. As the organizer of the Ratepayers’ Alliance, Mike Fuller describes their choice of arguments, “it was anything that we could really grab onto within reason that had to do with economics.” Also, market evaluations seem to have largely determined the decision to halt the project. TID maintained from 1990 through the end of 1994 that the dam was the cheapest way to meet rising electricity demand, while its opponents claimed other sources were clearly cheaper (and less environmentally damaging); both sides judged the project on market criteria. In announcing the decision to shelve the project in January 1995, TID offered as its primary reasons the declining cost of natural gas and the impending deregulation of the electricity market which would make other sources more accessible.
A different example of market justifications found in both cases involves the tourism and recreation industry, which is important to the regions in which both projects were proposed. In France, the market argument of improving tourism is carefully blended with arguments promoting local and traditional activities. According to this “compromise,” the road should not be an axis for improved trade markets (as Brussels would have it) but should give access to local trades and tourist sites.
The road, say the locals, should not be a “truck corridor” (as a pan-European market argument would propose it), but rather should be a road going to and ending at points within the valley – the road should be a way to access the valley, not pass through it. One local mayor, Jacques Lassalle, presents this in terms of the desire by locals to control any infrastructure projects built in their area (in explicit challenge to control from above): “It is necessary to build transportation networks24 that will remain in our locale and that we will therefore dominate [maîtriserons].”
So the local businesses propose a sort of mitigation of the project, a “compromised” road – they will accept a road if it is not a superhighway truck road. To demonstrate the problems with the current proposal, locals cite an example of a valley in the Maurienne region, where a small road has been connected by tunnel to Italy, and the whole valley has become exactly the “traffic corridor” feared in the Aspe Valley. The road cuts across historic old towns, people have left their homes because of the traffic and the accidents, etc.
In the United States case, the frequent references to tourism are more directly framed as market justifications. Representatives of the tourism industry in the Clavey area, led by an active group of river rafting companies and employees, repeatedly argue the dam would lead to a decrease in tourist dollars for the local economy. A group of tourism business owners, the Highway 120 Association, was strongly opposed to the project, which they considered a threat to their “livelihood.” Tourism supporters claimed fishing, hunting, and camping on the Clavey would be diminished when its status as a “free-flowing, wild river” was lost. However,
proponents of the dam, such as the Tuolumne County Chamber of Commerce, argued the opposite, claiming the dam’s reservoir and new roads would provide better access for other sorts of tourism that would benefit the local economy even more.

The Market World
Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations (primarily the first chapters describing how a market works) yields arguments basing a harmonious polity on the market. The market link coordinates individuals through the mediation of scarce goods, the acquisition of which is pursued by everyone. This competition among the individuals' lusts subordinates to the desires of others the price attached to the possession of a commodity. 'The calm desire for wealth', as Albert Hirschman writes in The Passions and the Interest (Hirschman, 1981), quoting Francis Hutcheson, allows the construction of a harmonious order which transcends the confusion of individual interests. The market world must not be mixed up with the sphere of economic relations. We try to show, on the contrary, that economic actions are based on, at least, two main forms of coordination, one by the market, the other by an industrial order, each of them being the support of a different reality test. We did not succeed in finding a contemporary French guide that could be used to describe the objects which are relevant in the mercantile world of today. We therefore resorted to a French translation of an American book teaching the art of business to a large audience, What they don't teach you at Harvard Business School. For our purpose, this book is of particular interest because it bases business success on an experience which is conspicuously unconnected to industrial production: the author made a fortune selling the names of famous people to advertising agencies. In a market world, important persons are buyers and sellers. They are worthy when they are rich. Their main qualities are those opportunistic in sorting and seizing the opportunities of the market, to be unhampered by any personal link and to be emotionally under control. They connect with one another through competitive relationships.
Competition (HIGHER COMMON PRINCIPLE) Rivalry, Competitors. Desirable (STATE OF WORTHINESS) Value (of), Sa/able, Millionaire, Winner. Unwanted (ST,fffi OF UNWORTHINESS) Hated. Interest (DIGNITY} Love (of things), Desire, Selfishness Competitors (SUBJECTS) Businessman, Salesman, Client, Buyer, Independent (worker). Wealth (objects) Luxury (item). Opportunism (INVESTMENT) Liberty, Opening, Attention to others, Sympathy, Detachment, Distance (emotional), Perspective (getting some). Possess (RELATION OF WORTH) Interest (to) (RELATIONS} Buy, Get (for oneself), Sell, Business (do business with), Negotiate, Benefit (from), Market, Pay, Compete.
The Market World
The market world must not be confused with a sphere of economic relations. We have tried to show, on the contrary, that economic actions are based on at least two main forms of coordination, one by the marketplace, the other by an industrial order, and that each has its own way of setting up a reality test. This analytic distinction, supported by empirical observations based on situations that lead to carrying out one or another of these tests, sheds light on certain problems encountered in economic theory that have to do with the confrontation between these two orders. Such problems surface in particular when time is introduced as a factor in market relations, which are atemporal by nature. The comparative picture of the market and industrial worlds lays the groundwork for the analysis- to be carried out in chapter 7---of the critical relations between the advantages associated with coordination by market goods and the advantages associated with the implementation of efficient technologies. The gap between these two worlds cannot be filled by the formal addition of a new (temporal) dimension, and thus it cannot be interpreted as the distance separating a static equilibrium from a dynamic equilibrium. From Thomas Aquinas (who supplemented existing critiques of the practice of lending money at interest with the observation that time, a public good, cannot be sold) to Keynes (who noted the 
inherent in financial assets, which are caught between an evaluation dependent on fluctuations in profits and a judgment as to the solidity of investments), the interest rate never ceases to appear as an ambivalent object bearing the critical tension between these two worlds, despite attempts to turn it into a price like any other. Taking a symmetrical approach to the two worlds allows us to avoid another reduction of their relations, one that would consist in relating the market world to subjective desires expressed in consumer demands while relating the industrial world to objective constraints inscribed in the functions of production. Despite its impressive arsenal of technological objects, the industrial world of efficiency is no less political than the others, and tests in it are just as dependent on a common judgment. As for the market world, it is not animated exclusively by business relations between buyers and sellers. This world is also peopled with omnipresent objects; the economist can overlook their role in the coordination of actions only when he treats them as endowed with a nature independent of the interventions of others. In this he displays the attitude of a person acting normally in the market world; in order to reach agreement on a transaction, such a person has to rely on the objectivity of the item and on its independence with respect to the various persons implicated in the transaction. It suffices, however, to play each of these worlds against the other- to put my uncle Andre's knob-handled cane on the market- to allow all that distinguishes a market object from objects to which value is attached in other worlds to rise to the surface, through the disturbance that follows. By bringing to light the quality of objects of a market nature and their role in coordination, we are preparing to deal with the complex situations in which ambiguous objects disturb this coordination: something scribbled by Picasso on the corner of a table, a dented tank that does not meet industrial contemporary standards, a used car, and so on. By distinguishing a market order, we are making ourselves vulnerable to critics who stress the lack of realism in the construction of a competitive market equilibrium. Our intent is not to seek to rehabilitate such an equilibrium on a new basis as a model of society, but to show that the order actually serves, among other things, to coordinate local transactions that seek to reach a certain form of generality. Doing so by no means ensures the achievement of a general equilibrium in conformity with the theory. In the first place, the complex societies that we are studying cannot be confined within any one of the worlds that we have identified. Moreover, within the market world itself, tests lead to the readjustment of states of worth only gradually, and not by recourse to the centralized arrangement of criers postulated by Leon Walras as necessary for establishing perfect market equilibrium at a given moment (1954 [1874), 84). As for the theoretical critiques that reveal, under the appearances of market relations, the role played in fact by trust, by beliefs, and so on, they converge at more than one point with the ordinary critiques that we shall seek to identify systematically in chapter 8. Yet another difficulty poses an obstacle to the exploration of the market world. Even if one agrees to distinguish the objects that sustain it, one may have reservations about the prospect of dealing with the market according to the same model as constructions of the common good such as those referring to the general will. Can we accept this challenge and go against firmly established distinctions between the individual and the collective, between selfishness and altruism, or between the play of free choice and the weight of social norms? Can we recognize in an individual who has no homeland and no future (Nietzsche 2001, sec. 23, pp. 48-49) a being qualified to participate in a form of the common good? In this paragraph, we are pursuing the demonstration we undertook in our analysis of the market polity, by indicating how the market world can be related to the same model of worth, and what specifications are established in it for relevant beings and relationships. In the market world, actions are motivated by the desires of individuals, which drive them to possess the same objects, rare goods whose ownership is inalienable. The characterization of this world by the dignity of persons, all equally motivated by desires, and by the adequacy of the objects that equip it already encompasses the principle of coordination, competition, which can be made explicit in the justifications to which tests give rise. Viewed from the outside, the constitutive convention of competition plays the same role as the conventions that serve as higher common principles in the other worlds. The construction of the market is neither more nor less a metaphysics than the construction of the _orders that refer to trust and tradition or to the general will. Each of them supposes at least two levels, that of particular persons who are on the verge of escaping from the convention and that of persons of worth who are participating in the common good. The competition between beings placed in a state of rivalry governs their conflicts through an evaluation of market worth, the price, which expresses the importance of converging desires. Worthy objects are salable goods that have a strong position in a market. Worthy persons are rich, millionaires, and they live the high life. Their wealth allows them to mvn what others want, valuable objects, luxury items, upscale products. Their wealth is proportion- ate to their own value, which they know how to sell, and which is expressed by their success, designated in particular by the vocabulary of competition: getting ahead, challenging oneself, taking the edge, being a winner, a top dog. The deployment of market worth is inscribed in a space that has neither limits nor distance, in which the circulation of goods and persons is free. Businessmen and women think big, oversee world markets, and do international deals throughout the world. Market worth does not participate in a construction of time. The state of worthiness includes no memory of the past, no plan for the future. In business, one gets ahead by leaping to the top, just as one unexpectedly goes bankrupt. Instability does not imply a defect, as it does in the industrial world. Luck may go the wrong way, but one can take advantage of insecurity. Fate can usually be made to tum out in one's Javor, transformed into good luck, if people exploit the situation opportunistically and take advantage of opportunities that arise. The state of unworthiness is one in which persons fail, stagnate, and lose out, and in which goods are rejected, spurned, hated, instead of desired. Lacking any means of buying or selling, poor persons come close to escaping the convention of the common good and to being deprived of the dignity of human beings in this world. The human nature that flourishes in the market world is characterized by a desire as innocent as any dignity. "Go for Profit. Samuel Johnson once said: 'There are few ways in which a man can be more innocently employed than in getting money'" (McCormack 1984, 202). This capacity is inherent in everyone: "Most people, I believe, are born salesmen" (89). It precedes consciousness itself: "[The art of selling is the conscious practice of a lot of things we already know unconsciously- and have probably spent the better part of our lives doing" (89). It is by expressing their dignity that persons come closest to truth. Interest is thus their real motivation, the property of their self that makes them be themselves by wanting to obtain satisfaction. One succeeds through the strength of this desire, because one loves. Real life is what people want to acquire. In the manual we are using, the author recounts a scene in which the participants are playing with the limits of humanity and having fun by attributing to nonhuman beings this dignity of desire, this capacity to love or to hate. At an annual sales convention, the president of a dog food company summed up the situation this way: "'Over the past few days,' he began, 'we've heard from all our division heads and of their wonderful plans for the coming year. Now, as we draw to a close, I have only one question. If we have the best advertising, the best marketing, the best sales force, how come we sell less goddamn dog food than anyone else in the business?' Absolute silence filled the convention hall. Finally, after what seemed like forever, a small voice answered from the back of the room: 'Because the dogs hate it'" (117). Since dignity designates a capacity to participate in a common good, the fact that it takes the form of a selfish desire in the market world is almost paradoxical. By recognizing dignity in persons occupied with satisfying their self-centered desires, utilitarian philosophy has contributed to establishing the modem image of the individual detached from the chains of belonging and liberated from the weight of hierarchies. However, the success of the figure of the individual has been largely dependent on proof that individuals can find a place in an order in which their actions are coordinated with those of others. Political philosophies have demonstrated the benefits of competition only by establishing this possibility of coordination, which makes it possible, today, to refer to a market polity. Only if one loses sight of the convention that creates bonds between people as individuals- a convention that operates via their desire for the same objects-and if one forgets the way in which this convention of competition governs its own free play, do the terms "individual" or "freedom" become susceptible to the semantic slippages that lead to the presentation of the market world as the sole guarantor of people's autonomy and freedom. The market world is thus populated with individuals seeking to satisfy desires; they are in turn clients_ and competitors, buyers, and sellers, entering into relations with one another as businessmen. The fact that the deployment of objects is required for market coordination becomes obvious, in contrast, when the identity of market objects is lacking. An object of a market nature is a thing toward which competing desires for possession converge: it is a desirable, salable, marketable thing. Market objects do not have the same quality as objects in the industrial world, which are valued for their efficiency, their functional character. Unlike the standardization of industrial products, on which the effectiveness of those products depends, the identification that is common to market objects inscribes them as inalienable property, objects that are common to diverse desires. Let us note that of all the social sciences, economics is the one that grants the most space to objects, although the status of these objects is not made clear in economic theory. Industrial tools remain largely external, developing as technology advances, even as they contribute actively to the production of merchandise. Market goods are so natural that their role is rarely addressed, apart from considerations about public or collective goods. Recent theoretical developments regarding the quality of goods do touch on the crucial hypothesis of a common identification of objects, but the problems raised are reduced to a matter of asymmetrical information. The value of the item is determined in a market test, and problems dealt with as instances of cheating on real quality are raised by the implicit reference to a different form of value, often industrial in nature (Eymard Duvernay 1989b, p. 12 7). Similarly, the implications of a theoretical slippage from a market of goods to a market of contracts are not clearly distinguished, since the role of the hypothesis of the objectivity of a medium for the expression of competing desires is not taken into account. The common identification of objects of a market nature is closely linked to the requirements of aggrandizement in a market world, to the investment formula that ensures access to the common good by means of a sacrifice. The selfishness of subjects in the market world has to go hand in hand, if any order is to result from their competition, with clear-sightedness as to the limits of selves; this is the other side of the picture, where the common identification of external goods is concerned. This requirement, often forgotten in methodological or political approaches to individualism, is the one that defines the individual as a social being, socialized by desires that converge toward external goods. In the market world, people are thus detached from one another (and in particular from any domestic bond), liberated in such a way that they lend themselves willingly to every opportunity to engage in a transaction. In short, subjects are as available as goods on the market. Here, too, the adoption of this approach to the market world makes it possible to dispel ambiguities about freedom and liberalism. Rather than to consider, as the saying goes, that each person's freedom ends where another person's begins, thus suggesting a topographic approach to the question, it might be preferable to recognize that the freedom of free-market liberalism has meaning only insofar as it is an expression of choice for external goods, and that this externality is acquired only if one starts out with a detachment that presupposes seeing others the way one sees oneself. Perspective, emotional distance between the situation and oneself, control with respect to one's own emotions (emotions that, as we have seen, express the state of worth in the inspired world) are the weight that this worth brings to bear. The opportunism that characterizes the worthy those who know how to make the most of everything, in the market world- thus goes hand in hand, unparadoxically, with a certain attention to others that presupposes "the ability to listen, really to hear what someone is saying" (McCormack 1984, 8) (inasmuch as others are detached individuals themselves, and not inasmuch as they form an opinion from which one has to protect oneself, like "the others" in the world of fame). This attention does not serve to temper selfishness; it is consubstantial with selfishness in the market order. Just as the work by Adam Smith from which we extracted the canonical presentation of market worth invites us to associate a theory of the wealth of nations foregrounding the principle of competition, on the one hand, with a theory of moral sentiments based on the position of impartial spectator and sympathy, on the other, the manual we are using here makes visible the relation between the satisfactory progress of business and a state of persons characterized by detachment with regard to themselves (a distance that recalls the "equal distances with respect to great and small objects" at which Smith positioned_ the spectator) and by attention to others. The author of the manual brings to light the complementarity between the value of the monetary instrument of the market and the value of feelings toward others, by attributing them respectively to his mother and his father, in the dedications in which he pays his parents tribute: "To my mother, Grace Wolfe McCormack, who instilled in me, always with a twinkle in her eye, an awareness that money was indeed worth being concerned about"; "[t]o my father, Ned Hume McCormack who, more than anyone I have known, demonstrated to the the importance of being highly sensitive to people's feelings no matter how difficult the circumstances" (vii). Even if the market world is not reduced to a collection of atoms deprived of connections with one another market relations propagated in networks can easily be contrasted with hierarchical relations embedded one within another. And yet the market order also espouses the order of the general and the particular that implies such embedding. Market worth is not so very different from the worths that serve as examples for the notion of hierarchy, the domestic order of authority, or the industrial order of competence. Since market objects encompass the desires of others, their possession implies a hierarchical relation in the ordinary sense of the term. The state of worthiness encompasses the state of unworthiness in a relation of possession. The price of an object is the proof of the attachment of others to the good that one is holding. Since not all persons can satisfy their appetites equally by acceding to the same rare goods, the wealthiest incorporate the others by possessing the desire of those who are less wealthy and who remain deprived of goods. Millionaires are defined by their possession of things everyone wants. When they are engaged, the beings of the market world are doing business. Business consists of at least two individuals plus an object whose purchase and sale they negotiate. The object, a good or a service, helps to fashion a link between people by attracting, by interesting. The transaction presupposes that people have enough perspective and that the object is detached enough to allow the play of competition with others. Local transactions thus exceed settlements and become a market that takes into account the entire set of the others' desires through the prices that will be negotiated and paid. This distance has to produce indifference with regard to all the qualities that are foreign to those of buyer or seller in the persons with whom one is dealing, qualities that would express worths in other worlds ("I've come ... to see the relative insignificance of outward glitter, be it celebrity, position, or appearances" [14]). The assemblages are coherent when the market beings are of the same worth, when the product is well positioned in relation to the buyer and the seller. This operation takes into account the reality of the buyer's desire for the object. At the end of this harmonious process of composition, the persons doing business find their worth naturally in relation to the object negotiated. Being in a business deal that holds together requires persons who meet, often face to face, to negotiate head to head, far from the influence of others; they must take one another's measure accurately and "never underestimate [the] competition" (205).  The harmony of the natural order stems from the way in which goods acquire their price in a market that determines the distribution of states of worth. The test is the moment, uncertain in its outcome, when a deal is done, settled, in the bag. The end of the test is expressed by the signing of a contract. The test is also an opportunity to extract new objects from chaos, to discover new things that might interest a client and give rise to a transaction and opportunity to extend the market world. The common identification of goods and the generality of the worth known as price associates the face-to-face aspect of a business deal with other transactions taking place elsewhere, with other individuals; these can thus be equated. Price, which sanctions the test by modifying the distribution of worths, takes into account the negotiation between the two subjects involved. But this takes place on the horizon of a general price, a requirement expressed in the fact that the price has to be reasonable and must correspond to the real value. The generality of the price is ensured by a monetary standard. Money is the measure of all things, and thus constitutes the form of evidence. The profit, the benefit, the payback, the result of the transaction is thus expressed in cash, a commission, a fee, or an honorarium. This place assigned to money in market world tests does not allow us to settle any debates over monetary theory, of course, but it suggests that money, in its function of reserve value attached to a projection onto the future, is an ambiguous entity that opens up a passageway to other worlds. The inhuman limit of the market world is marked in a long tradition criticizing the vanity of the possession of riches and advocating an attitude of wise detachment toward material wealth. In distinguishing between goods and a person's other qualities, Seneca- unlike Hume or Smith-denied that the former expressed the latter in any way and that they might serve to justify any sort of worth whatsoever: "I own my riches, yours own you .. . . I shall not look up to myself on account of these things, which, even though they belong to me, are nevertheless no part of me" ("De Vita Beata," 157 [22.5], 165 [25.1]). Just as domestic authority, taken to an extreme, can lead to a servitude that inscribes the servant himself within the master's domain as part of the patrimony, wealth can lead, in a confusion between persons and things, to the direct possession of another person rather than of the goods that that person may desire. Among the Scottish philosophers, it is the construction of a sphere of interested relations that makes the existence of disinterested relations possible (for example, friendship) (Silver 1989).
Market (FIGURES) Deal (TEST) Done deal, In the bag, All wrapped up. Price (JUDGMENT} Value (justified, reasonable, real). Money (EVIDENCE) Benefit, Result, Payback Enslavement to money (THE FALL)
