I.  THE PROJECTIVE CITY
This city is founded on the mediating activity employed in the creation of networks, making it valuable in its own right, independently of the goals pursued or the substantive properties of the entities between which the mediation is conducted.  From this standpoint, mediation is a value in itself, or rather, in the conceptual framework employed here, a specific status of which each actor is liable to take advantage when 'putting people in contact', 'making connections', thereby helping to 'construct networks'.  But let us be quite clear.  Entertaining the hypothesis that we are witnessing the formation of a new city, where the tests that matter involve constructing or loosening connections in a network world, obviously does not mean that the establishment of networks represents a radical new departure.  
But it is as if we had to wait until the last third of the twentieth century for the activity of mediating, the art of making and using the most diverse and remote kinds of connection, to be autonomized - separated from the other forms of activity it had hitherto been bound up with - and identified and valued for itself. 
Principle of judgement and hierarchy of beings in the projective city
According to the grammar employed by us, the <common superior principle> is the principle in accordance with which acts, things and persons are judged in a given city. 
The <decline of the city>, like the <condition of little person>, refers to situations where behavior is deemed unsatisfactory by the city's values.  But it also makes reference to general configurations which, while claiming to be inspired by the relevant status, fall down in such fundamental aspects that they embody nothing but a perverted status.  If the <condition of little person> in the new city applies to bad (individual) behaviour in a world of projects, the <decline of the city> involves unsatisfactory rhizomorphous forms, 'bad networks'. 
The description of what counts in this world is based on categories of things - the <repertoire of objects and mechanisms> - of human beings.  the <repertoire of subjects> - or of verbs <the natural relations between beings> - referring to figures, objects and modes of relations, specific to a " given form of status. 
Activity, Projects, Extension of the network, Proliferation of connections <Common superior principle>
In a projective city, the general equivalent - what the status of persons and things is measured by - is activity.  But in contrast to what we observe in the industrial city, where activity merges with work and the active are quintessentially those who have stable, productive waged work, activity in the projective city surmounts the oppositions between work and non-work, the stable and the unstable, wage-earning class and non-wage-earning class, paid work and voluntary work, that which may be assessed in terms of productivity and that which, not being measurable, eludes calculable assessment.  Management authors take up the idea floated by their English colleague Charles Handy, in his book The Age of Unreason, when he proposes to replace the traditional notion of a job by the concept of a portfolio of activities that everyone manages for themselves.  At least five categories of work are listed: waged work, remunerated in line with the time spent on it; work for oneself, remunerated by the results obtained; domestic work, performed for the upkeep and maintenance of a home; voluntary work, performed for charitable organizations, the community, friends, family, or neighbours; educational work, which makes it possible to learn, to develop skills, to read, and to educate oneself.  (Aubrey, 1994).  The suggestion is to avoid being dependent on a single category, especially the first, given that after the age of forty many people will have to reconstruct their portfolio completely.  '[Simultaneous] development of all the categories in the portfolio' is therefore indicated: 'Thanks to the multiplicity of clients, work for fees offers a certain guarantee of activity.  Self-educational work helps improve the chances of remaining active and voluntary work makes it possible to construct social networks outside work, to participate actively in progress towards a better world and to transmit wisdom to others' (Aubrey, 1994).  Activity aims to generate projects, or to achieve integration into projects initiated by others.  But the project does not exist outside of the encounter (not being integrated once and for all into an institution or environment, it presents itself as an action to be performed, not as something that is already there).  Hence the activity par excellence is integrating oneself into networks and exploring them, so as to put an end to isolation, and have opportunities for meeting people or associating with things proximity to which is liable to generate a project.  Activity expresses itself in the multiplicity of projects of all kinds that may be pursued concurrently and which, no what matter what happens, must be elaborated successively, since the project represents a transient mechanism in
this logi'c.  Life is conceived as a succession of projects; and the more they differ from one another, the more valuable they are.  Characterization of these projects according to categories that are apposite in other cities (whether familial, affective, educative, artistic, religious, charitable, etc. ), and above all their classification according to the distinction between that which pertains to leisure and that which relates to work, is not what matters in this city's logic, except in a very subsidiary fashion.  What matters is to develop activity – that is to say, never to be short of a project, bereft of an idea, always to have something
in mind, in the pipeline, with other people whom one meets out of a desire to do something.  When they engage in a project, everyone concerned knows that the undertaking to which they are about to contribute is destined to last not a limited period of time - that it not only can, but must, come to an end.  The prospect of an inevitable, desirable endpoint thus accompanies engagement without affecting enthusiasm.  This is why engagement is conceived as voluntary.  Having the option not to engage in a given project, and hence choice over one's projects, is a condition for the city's harmonious functioning; and this condition is guaranteed by the multiple activities everyone develops.  Furthermore, awareness that the project will come to an end is accompanied by the hope that a new project will follow, that it is already in gestation in the fabric of current connections, even if it is not yet known what form it will take.  Accordingly, tension between the requisite commitment and the indicated outcome appears surmountable. 
Anything can attain the status of a project, including ventures hostile to capitalism.  Describing every accomplishment with a nominal grammar that is the grammar of the project erases the differences between a capitalist project and a humdrum creation (a Sunday club).  Capitalism and anti-capitalist critique alike are masked.  Utterly different things can be assimilated to the term 'project': opening a new factory, closing one, carrying out art-engineering project, putting on a play.  Each of them is a project, and they all involve the same heroism.  This is one of the ways in which the projective city can win over forces hostile to capitalism: by proposing a grammar that transcends it, which they in turn will use to describe their own activity while remaining oblivious of the fact that capitalism, too, can slip into it.  It is precisely because the project is a transient form that it is adjusted to a network world: by multiplying connections and proliferating links, the succession of projects has the effect of extending networks. 
The extension of the network is life itself, whereas any halt to its extension is comparable to death: 'the network spontaneously tends to develop, but it is constantly threatened by the risks of internal ossification or degeneration that can result in death, which might consist in its transformation into a pyramidal organization' (Landier, 1991).  Those without a project who no longer explore networks are threatened with exclusion - that is to say, in effect, with death in a reticular universe.  They risk not finding a way to attach themselves to projects, and ceasing to exist.  The development if oneself and one's employability ('being the agent of one's own evolution, taking control of one's future' [Le Saget, 1994]), which is the long-term personal project underlying all the others, will not be successfully accomplished. 
Connection <Natural relations between beings> Connecting, Communicating, Co-ordinating, Adjusting to others, Trusting
In a connexionist world, a natural preoccupation of human beings is the desire to connect with others, to make contact, to make connections, so as not to remain isolated.  To succeed, they must trust and be trusted, know how to communicate discuss openly, and also be capable of adjusting to other people and situations' depending on what the latter demand of them, without being held back; timidity, rigidity or mistrust.  This is the price of co-ordinating themselves in mechanisms and projects. 
Engagei, Engaging, Mobile <Condition of great man>
Enthusiastic, Involved, Flexible, Adaptable, Versatile, Having potential, Employable, Autonomous, Not prescriptive, Knows how to engage others, In touch, Tolerant, Employability (providing)
Knowing how to engage in a project, to get fully involved in, it, is the mark of the <condition of great man>.  To engage, one must be capable of enthusiasm.  Furthermore, given that the project is a complex, uncertain process, which cannot be confined within the limits of invariably incomplete contracts, one must know how to trust those with whom connections are formed – connections that are destined to develop as the project develops.  But since projects are by their very nature temporary, the ability to disengage from a project in order to be available for new connections counts as much as the capacity for engagement, Even at the peak of engagement, enthusiasm, involvement in a project, people at ease in a network world remain 'adaptable, physically and intellectually mobile! (HEC, 1994), prepared for change and capable of new investments, in order to increase their 'ability to respond to a changing world' (Crozier and Serieyx, 1994). 
Far from being attached to an occupation or clinging to a qualification, the great man proves adaptable and flexible, able to switch from one situation to a very different one, and adjust to it; and versatile, capable of changing activity or tools, depending on the nature of the relationship entered into with others or with objects, It is precisely this adaptability and versatility that make him employable - that is to say, in the world of firms, in a position to attach himself to new projects.  Flexibility and adaptability here are qualities that do not derive from obedience.  The great man in a connexionist world is active and autonomous.  He is 'his own leader, leader in his relations with those above and those below, leader in his networks' (Serieyx, 1993).  The great man in the projective city retains the initiative in his projects, and knows how to take nsks in order to make connections, to be forever making new contacts that are full of possibilities: 'Thus, the idea of a link seems to pros rather like a vein or seam to exploit, in tile manner of a gold prospecter, You never quite know what is at the end of it.  It is sometimes necessary to turn round and go back, give up en route, go and look elsewhere' (Bellenger, 1992).  Always on the lookout, great men refuse to be impeded by rigid plans, for to follow such plans could result in squandering the opportunity for interesting connections.  Plans and strategies would diminish their capacity for local action. 7 But they know how to take full .  advantage of each situation in its uniqueness.  For the same reasons they appear spontaneous, in contrast to strategists, whose manoeuvres are overly conspicuous, and frighten people.  They know how to locate sources of information ('being a radar' [Bellenger, 1992]), and to select between connections with a lot of new potential and those that revert to routine existing links.  They are capable of optimizing the use they make of their scarcest resource - time - by selecting their relationships with discrimination and, in particular, by avoiding linking up with people who occupy kindred positions, and are thus likely to contribute superfluous information and connections: 'Given that one can't do everything, what should one concentrate on? This is a question pros are familiar with' (Bellenger, 1992).  In this city, the great man is a 'plunderer of ideas' (Serieyx, 1993).  For that, he must possess intuition and talent (in the sense in which we speak of an artist's talent).  He 'scans the world around him in search of novel signs' (Sicard, 1994), and knows how to anticipate, sense, sniff out the links worth pursuing.  This is to say that in a network world there is a close correlation between the importance of social capital and of information capital.  Information is at once the result and the condition of multiplying connections, so that inequalities of information are cumulative.  To succeed in discovering good connections, such information must be integrated into a representation of the universe to be explored.  In a network world, however, there can be no question of an overarching representation.  Useful representations are local, singular, circumstantial, able to be deployed from one person to the next, and bound up with a kind of knowledge deriving from personal experience.  But those of high status in the projective city do not merely identify connections.  They must also show themselves capable of becoming established in them, by forging links that last as long as is necessary.  Given that links presuppose the engagement of at least two people, they must avoid being rejected; on the contrary, they must attract the attention and sympathy of others - interest them.  To this end they must not be timid, or - which boils down to the same thing - so proud as not to take the first step for fear of rejection.  They write to people in the public eye to express their admiration and request advice or a meeting.  They regard everyone as contact able and any contact as possible and natural; they treat well-known and obscure people in identical fashion.  They tend to ignore the differences between separate spheres – for example, the private, professional, and media, etc. , universes.  For them the world is a network of potential connections.  In respect of links, it's all one.  The great man in the projective city is not a nowhere man.  At ease where he finds himself, he also knows how to be local.  In fact, since the network has no overarching representation, actions in it are always embedded in the contingency of a present situation. 10 To adapt to the situations that crop up, while preserving something unfamiliar that makes him interesting, connexionist man relies on his communication skills, his convivial temperament, his open and inquiring mind.  But he knows also how to give of himself, to be there as and when appropriate, to exploit his presence in personal relations, in face-to-face encounters: he is always available, even-tempered, self-assured without being arrogant, familiar without overstepping the limits, obliging, with more to offer than he expects in return.  Without his demanding information or going in search of it, others give him the information he needs.  He knows how to listen, to give answers that are to the point, to echo people, to ask good questions.  As Bellenger (1992) develops the point, he possesses 'a strategy for conducting relationships, a kind of self-monitoring that results in an aptitude for producing signs which can facilitate contacts'.  He knows how to 'be attentive to others in order to identify signs that will make it possible to intervene advisedly in uncertain situations'; he possesses 'the ability to control and alter se!f-presentation, which can extend to a capacity for improvizing appropriately, even for "lying without qualms" if necessary', as well as the 'desire and ability to adjust his own actions with ease, in order to adapt to different people'.  Great men, past masters when it comes to self-monitoring, know how to judge 'other people's emotional states more lucidly and are perceived in their turn as more friendly, open, less uneasy, less anxious, less nervous in their relationships'.  Basically, they have 'a good manner with people . . .  [an] adroitness in the way they conduct themselves in the world, in making connections, in acting in such a way as to get what they want' (Bellenger, 1992).  They also possess 'charm', in the sense that they depart from the stereotyped image one might have had of them before getting to know them.  They make it clear (without this being attributable to strategy or calculation) that they are not reducible to the statutory properties defining them in their curriculum vitae.  Face to face, they are real people, in the sense that, far from mechanically performing their social roles -' in the way a programme is executed - they know how to step back and deviate from their role, which makes them captivating.  But these qualities do not suffice to define the condition of great man, because they can be employed in opportunistic fashion, as part of a purely individual strategy for success.  In the logic of the city, the great are not only those who excel at exploiting the specific resources connected with a world, but also those who place the capacities disclosed in tests at the service of the common good.  That is to say: in the projective city they are not only those who know how to engage, but also those who are able to engage others, to offer involvement, to make it desirable to follow them, because they inspire trust, they are charismatic, their vision generates enthusiasm.  All these qualities make them leaders of teams that they manage not in authoritarian fashion, but by listening to others, with tolerance, recognizing and respecting differences.  They are not (hierarchical) bosses, but integrators, facilitators, an inspiration, unifiers of energies, enhancers of life, meaning and autonomy.  The team trusts them inasmuch as they prove to be connectors, vectors, who do not keep the information or contacts gleaned in networks to themselves, but redistribute them among the team members.  'Tomorrow's manager must ensure that information is shared, that it irrigates the firm thoroughly' (Le Saget, 1994). 
In such a context, everyone can 'constantly and increasingly improve their employability, both through these technical skills and their ability for teamwork, even and especially when these teams are flexible, neural, and rarely made up of the same individuals' (Lemaire, 1994).  The project head thus provides employability, and develops for others 'in the firm a network of personal relations that they can count on in the event of unforeseen problems' (Landier, 1991).  In this way, 'employability [can be guaranteed]- that is to say, a level of skills and flexibility allowing each individual to find a new job inside or outside the firm' (Aubrey, 1993); employability is thus 'a gift in return from the firm to individuals who are aware of their responsibilities in it' (Aubrey, 1994). 
Mediator, Project head <Repertoire of subjects> Coach, Expert, Customer, Supplier, Innovator
If everyone possesses the capacity to relate, and thus to constitute a link in a network, some people realize this potential in their person in exemplary fashion.  In very general terms, this is true of all those who, playing an active role in the expansion and animation of networks, act as mediators, whether characterized as strategic brokers able to 'make strategic exchanges outside of hierarchy and boundaries' (Aubrey, 1994), as partners of the third kind (Archier et al, 1989), or as tangential contributors.  They possess the art of reconciling opposites, and know how to bring very different people together, and put them in contact.  Such are, in the first instance, project heads, 'managers' (in contrast to the old cadres), but also coaches, who stimulate, support the development of managers and practise 'the art of delivering minds' (Aubrey, 1990).  But such equally are customers, suppliers and subcontractors when they enter into relations of partnership.  These innovators have scientists, and especially artists, as their models.  'The informal network.  is the preferred organizational mode of writers, scientific researchers and musicians, who develop in domains where knowledge is highly specialized, creative and personalized' (Aubrey, 1990).  The intuitive manager, like the artist, 'is accompanied by disorder' (Le Saget, 1992), is 'in a permanent state of alert and doubt' (Vincent, 1990) and 'at ease in … situations' (Archier
et al, 1989). 
But the intuitive manager, the source of inspiration and the coach are not the only models of excellence.  We saw in Chapter 1 that another figure also lives on - the expert, whose 'leadership' is 'based upon competence and intelligence' (Arpin, 1994), on a 'highly specialized, creative and personalized knowledge' (Aubrey, 1994).  Experts also enjoy high status in the projective
city because their competence, which is indispensable, is composed not of standardized knowledge but of personal, integrated knowledge.  It is the fruit of past experience - that is to say, of multiple connections, particularly with others possessing specific knowledge, formed during earlier projects, of which they preserve the memory.  Dispensing with experts would require being in a position to repeat their careers.  Experts are consulted.  But their image is less heroic than that of the project head, because they are deemed less adaptable.  The project head is precisely the one who proves capable of making connections between very different zones of expertise.  What all these exceptional beings have in common is that they are in a
position to explore the links with the richest opportunities, those that will extend the network furthest, which are defined largely by the distance they surmount.  Not all links are of equivalent worth.  The status of a connection depends upon the extent to which it has established a mediation that makes it possible to abolish distance.  In so doing, creators of links temporarily find themselves in the position of keyholder, since all those who in turn want to cross the boundaries they have traversed will, for a certain period of time, have to go through them.  The most interesting links often consist, in fact, in crossing zones where there were few, if any, mediations (structural holes, in the terminology of Ronald Burt). 
This distance, the crossing 0 r gradual reduction of which defines the quality of the links created, can be referred to in different ways.  It can be referred to in temporal terms, when old, dormant connections are reactivated.  It can be alluded to in partial terms, whenever there is co-ordination in real time with others who are spatially distant ('[t]he starting point will be to ignore geographical distances' [fapscott and Caston, 1994]) - particularly by taking full advantage of modern means of communication (the Internet) - as we see in the example of the 'global laboratory', which is not geographically located and allows researchers in the same discipline, but scattered throughout the 'world, to collaborate in solving the same problem. 1G And above all, it can be evoked in institutional or social terms, when the beings between whom some transfer is established, and who are proximate in space and time, were hitherto separated by boundaries isolating institutions, disciplines, domains, or (in Pierre Bourdieu's terminology) fields from one another.  The forms in which a distance is overcome define different ways of possessing high status.  Thus, whereas the expert is above all rich in links of the first (temporal) or second (spatial) types, the prq/ect head or source ~f inspiration excels in establishing connections between domains or fields: he establishes collaboration between people from different disciplines or professions, belonging to various departments, institutions or firms, and brings together, for example, two experts each of whom has experience, but in different domains. 
In a network world, where the more unpredictable and remote connections are, the more likely they are to prove profitable, the class habitus, on which the spontaneous convergence of tastes relies in predominantly domestic social orders, is no longer a sufficient support for intuition or flair On the contrary, the great man is he who establishes links between beings who are not only removed from one another, located in different universes, but also distant from his social background and the circle of his immediate relations, This is why, unlike the old bourgeois society, a capitalism that incorporates connexionist justifications accepts those who, thanks to a rather erratic career path (at least in their youth), have a fund of experience and are acquainted with several worlds, endowing them with considerable adaptability.  The verdict delivered on the quality of a link does not take into account only the distance that it has made it possible to bridge - that is to say, its ex-ante probability (less likely links being more prized than very likely ones).  It also takes account of the degree to which the link, once established, has proved fruitful ex-post, in the sense that its result is to refocus and extend the network by prompting the emergence of new links.  In this way, we can distinguish between (a) links that are highly probable but largely unproductive, such as those established between the members of a clique, where the connections are compact and within everyone's reach, but define a self-enclosed set; (b) very probable but nevertheless productive links, in the sense that they open on to the outside world, such as the links that popularizers or journalists make; (c) links that are very unlikely but also very unproductive, such as those established by the misunderstood forerunner or, worse, the crank or madman who,
finding no one to follow him, cannot operate as a key holder; and finally (d) links that are simultaneously unlikely and highly productive, which create the status of the innovator or audacious project head. 
All the instruments of connection
<Repertoire of objects and mechanisms> New technologies, Informal relations, Relations of trust, Partnership, Agreements,
Alliances, Subcontracting, Networks of firms, Network firms, Link, Loop, Synapses, Neurons, Projects 
In a world where the principal operation is establishing connections, it is thus normal to find a marked presence of new communication technologies based on computer science (Internet, interfaces, etc. ).  The characteristics of our corpus, composed exclusively of management texts, certainly entail an overrepresentation of instruments of industrial dimensions, to the detriment of more familiar devices for making contact (such as visiting cards or address books).  Numerous in the domestic world, such objects are reinterpreted in other contexts, so that they can take their place in the connexionist world of the projective city.  The same may be said of the mechanisms, primarily entrepreneurial mechanisms here (subcontracting, flexible organization, out-sourcing, autonomous units, franchises), which characterize the postmodern, 're-engineered', network, firm. 
The descriptive terminology of the connexionist world is pulled in two different directions: either towards a thematic of action without a subject, where the only entity that counts is the network, where what occurs is of the anonymous order of the id, of selforganization (,the organization increases its capacity for self-organization' [Crozier and Serieyx, 1994]); or towards a neopersonalism, which emphasizes not the system, but human beings in search of meaning.  This second orientation is dominant because it is on it that the normative, ethical dimension of the projective city largely rests.  Hence the importance accorded to face-to-face relations, to taking responsibility, to trust, to situations experienced in common, to giving one's word (which is worth all the contracts in the world), to mutual aid, to co-operation in establishing partnerships, in setting up projects, in constructing networks: 'trust is established in time through the consolidation of behaviour involving reciprocal understanding, through a whole learning process' (Weiss, 1994).  Given that what matters most is intangible, impalpable, informal- a term that characterizes both relations and the rules of the game, which are invented as one goes along - the most appropriate organizational mechanisms are thus likewise interpersonal.  In numerous texts, these two dimensions - the systemic and the personalist - overlap to a great extent.  The general nature of the rhizomorphous form is declined by means of different metaphors, which refer either, in traditional fashion, to weaving (stitch, loop, knot); or to the devices in which fluids circulate (flow, oil pipeline, channel, electric cables); or, in more modern fashion, to the biology of the brain (synapses, neurons, etc. ).  This last register is employed in particular to emphasize the autonomy and even the volition of the network, which is stronger than that of the beings immersed in it, and whose properties are then described in the language of selforganization, self regulation, and spontaneous morphogenesis.  Finally, the project is indeed the central mechanism of the city that bears its name.  It 'has at its disposal unity of time, but not unity of place.  It must optimize internal resources, compare them with external resources, and make the best use of experts organized in network structures' (HEC, 1994). 
Unemployable <Condition of little person> Unadaptable, Does not inspire confidence, Authoritarian, Rigid, Intolerant, Immobile, Local, Rooted, Attached, Status (has one), Security (prefers)
In a projective city, the little people are those who cannot be engaged, who are not employable on a project, or who prove incapable of changing projects.  Different grounds for non-engagement identify different types of little person.  Given that trust and relational qualities are the cement of projects, the unemployable ones are those who do not know how to inspire trust, or cannot be trusted because they do not deliver what is expected of them, or do not circulate the information they possess and are 'out for themselves' - which is a form of dishonesty in their engagement (opportunism).  The basic rule is 'reciprocity: the best-intentioned are discouraged if they receive nothing in exchange for what they have given.  Anyone who retains information that could be useful to others to himself is a killer of networks' (Orgogozo, 1991). 
Likewise inferior are those who do not know how to communicate, because they are impervious or have fixed ideas, are authoritarian and intolerant, making them incapable if compromise.  They resemble all 'the office "miseries", the sullen types, the individualists who withdraw into themselves, never go out, don't participate in the end-of-year drinks, shun cocktails, return to the hotel pronto, and plant themselves in front of the tele, that absolute "network-killer'" (Bellenger, 1992).  Rigidity, which, as the converse of flexibility, in this world constitutes the main failing of little people, can have different origins.  It can derive from attachment to a single project that it is impossible to let go of when a new project comes along; or from attachment to a place which, by rendering them immobile and rooting them in what is local, confines little people to the existing circle of links, and prevents them making new connections.  Finally, its origin can be found in a preference for security even at the expense of autonomy.  Thus, in a projective city someone who has a status is not mobile.  Someone who has a status knows what to expect from life: what their duties are (what is expected of them) and what their rights are (what they can expect of others).  If the disadvantages attaching to a status stem principally from the limits it imposes on people's activities, in the logic of the projective city statutory advantages are suspected of concealing injustices.  For by establishing people in a situation of continuity, they make it possible to avoid the quintessential tests represented by the moments of transition from one project to another. 
Closure of the network <Decline of the city> Corruption, Privileges, Buddy-buddy relationships, Mafia
The city falls when the network is no longer extended and, closing in on itself, benefits some people, but no longer serves the public good.  This is the case when the networker keeps information to himself, weaves connections in secret, unbeknownst to his team, in order not to share the links he has established and retain the benefits for himself, avoiding a situation where others can pursue them without going through him ('the most important adaptive function of a network consists in absorbing and redistributing information' [Landier, 1991]). 
This monopolistic conduct leads fairly rapidly to the closure of the network on itself for two reasons.  On the one hand, the activity of the networker, who acts alone and without others knowing it, is rather quickly restricted by his availability in time.  On the other hand, maintaining his connections exclusively for himself, he has no incentive to construct new ones - unlike the major mediator of the projective city who, redistributing his links to place them in the service of the common good, must incessantly discover new contacts, and thus extend the network, in order to retain the comparative advantage on which his high status depends.  Closed networks permit privileges.  In them the tests of connections are distorted: they are 'networks of privileges' that encourage 'string-pulling', which predominantly benefit the members of corporate bodies closed in on themselves, to the detriment of others who are in fact better endowed with connexionist skills.  This is the case with large bodies: 'For large bodies are today anti-networks inasmuch as they exercise authority over their members in order to further their own objectives' (Bellenger, 1992).  Closed networks that call a halt to their own extension, and which are appropriated for the exclusive benefit of 'those who are in on them', are also dangerous: 'It would be a mistake to think that every network automatically favours enterprise and development, as is clearly indicated by the dramatic events marking Italy's attempts to restructure an economy engulfed by networks of corruption.  It is important to sweep away the networks of "buddies", bureaucracy or corruption that obstruct the path of progress' (Aubrey, 1994). 
Forms of justice in the projective city
The elements of grammar we ha\'e just laid out clarify the principle of equivalence on which the projective city is based, and the way it can be employed to characterize persons and things, and to define the conditions of great man or little person.  But we also know that in order to be robust in the face of critiques based on a sense of what is just, this specific order must be geared towards the common good, and submit to a certain number of constraints.  We have already seen that great men are not only versatile, engaged and mobile themselves, but that they cause others to benefit from these qualities by striving to advance their employability at the same time as they develop their own.  They do not keep what they garner via their connections for themselves, with the result that the good network remains open and expands continuously, to the maximum benefit of all.  The <status relation> specifies precisely the nature of the relations between great and little people and, in particular, the way in which the <condition of great man>, because it contributes to the common good, contains the <condition of little person>.  In the civic city, for example, it is via political representation that the great man, elected by universal suffrage, represents all the little people. 
Redistribution of connections <Status relation> Putting in contact, Redistributing information, Integrating into networks, Providing employability
The relation between great man and little people is just when, in exchange for the trust that the little people place in them and their zeal for engaging in projects, great men enhance the value of the more humble, in order to increase their employability - that is to say, their capacity, once one project is finished, to integrate themselves into another.  Terminating a project without worrying about what becomes of those who have participated in it is unworthy of a great man.  'In place of the traditional contract, which guaranteed security, promotion and development, it is now appropriate to make an agreement that creates a sense of belonging, which helps the individual to maintain his "employability" or the value of his labour, and which exploits the various opportunities to learn while at work' (Aubrey, 1994). 
To that end, great men must redistribute the scarce goods they have access to - in the first place, information ('eliminating the restrictions that Limit everyone's access to information'[Le Saget, 1994]), and integration into networks, 'whose collective function is to support and enrich each member's assignment' (Aubrey, 1990).  They must 'publiciz[e] people outside their own departments, and . . .  [plug] people into organizational and professional networks' (Moss Kanter, 1989).  More generally, great men must inspire in others their own dynamism, and awaken them to themselves, by liberating 'their taste for thinking and acting with their talents', by 'making them collaborators, authors' (Serieyx, 1993), and by helping them to publicize their results in such a way as to enhance their reputation.  We still have to clarify two elements that are crucial for the implementation of justice in a rhizomorphous world - what the grammar we are employing calls the <formula of investment> as well as the <model test>.  The <formula of investment> is a major condition for the city's harmony, for by Linking access tD the <condition of great man> to a sacrifice, it arranges things so that benefits are 'balanced' by costs.  High status procures benefits for the person who accedes to that condition.  But the customary sense of justice also has it that 'you can't win on all counts': that people deserved access to high status on account of specific sacrifices which have, moreover, been of universal benefit or, more simply, useful to society as a whole.  It is then just that someone who is so deserving, and who has done so much for the common good, should be recognized as great, and enjoy the advantages bound up with this condition. 
Adaptability <Formula of investment> Being streamlined, Flexibility, Tolerance, Renting' 
In a projective city, access to the condition of great man presupposes sacrificing anything that might impede availability - that is to say, the ability to engage in a new project.  The great man renounces having a single project that lasts a lifetime (a vocation, a profession, a marriage, etc. ), He is mobile, Nothing must hamper his movements.  He is a 'nomad'.  In this sense, all the sacrifices that are made have the effect of enhancing the streamlined character of entities - of persons, but also of things - in order to favour their reorganization when the next project comes along.  Thus, 'the leaner organization that contracts out for services depends on the suppliers of those services and therefore benefits from close co-operation \\'ith them' (Moss Kanter, 1990).  The requirement to be streamlined first of all assumes renouncing stability, rootedness, attachment to the local, the security of longstanding links.  When it comes to links, to invest effort is to give up what one already has for an uncertain alternative: not to shut oneself away in pre-established links, so that one is available to tryout new connections that might fail.  In the knowledge that time is limited, it is in fact advisable to carve out the time to forge links with different persons and universes, rather than always remaining in the same circle of people: 'Being a pro means revising one's accessibility in quasi strategic fashion, Time can't just be invented and so it is a question of making choices and daring to take decisions, A pro's appointments are handled with extreme care' (Bellenger, 1992).  Extension of the network thus demands that people renounce friendship or, rather, that when assessing the quality of a link they abandon the distinction between disinterested bonds of friendship and professional or useful relations:
[a] network is always based on strong interpersonal relations, situated beyond work in the strict sense.  Depending on the case, such trust can be, founded on situations that were experienced in common in the past, on belonging to the same institution, on the existence of a common objective or project, on relations of friendship or mutual respect, even on mere complicity derived from being connected to the same communications network.  (Landier, 1991) Thus, it can be said of 'social and family networks' that 'this capital represents relations which, in addition to satisfaction on a human level, offer a potential contribution to the enterprise envisaged' (Aubrey, 1994).  But while connections with members of the extended family, assimilated to a network, can prove profitable, the restricted family, like the group of 'old mates' or the clique of 'office neighbours', preserves the tie to old, superseded connections, and by that token represents a burden, a handicap.  Great men in the projective city are also streamlined in that they are liberated from the burden of their own passions and values: open to differences (unlike rigid, absolutist personalities attached to the defence of universal values).  For the same reasons, they are not critical (except when it comes to defending tolerance and difference).  Nothing must get the upper hand over the imperative of adjustment, or hamper their movements.  They are determined exclusively by factors deriving from the situation and connections they are caught up in, which completely define them.  The tolerance required to adjust to others can also be expressed in terms of emancipation from 'bourgeois morality', The streamlined human being has learnt from psychoanalysis - and, more generally, from the diffusion of 'interpretation as exercise of suspicion' - that one must know how to free oneself from moralism by casting suspicion on the hidden motives involved in moralizing ventures and acknowledging the validity of ambivalence.  The numerous tools of analytical provenance integrated into the projective city thus aim to develop realism: they serve to look reality in the face - including (or especially) the reality of desire, treated as one datum among others - but also, by the same token, to recognize the limits placed on desire by reality.  In a network world, it is thus realistic to be ambivalent (in contrast to the boss who is all of one piece in the hierarchical world), because the situations people have to confront are themselves complex and uncertain.  According to the same principle of eliminating anything that might hinder mobility, the streamlined human being must not be attached to a burdensome patrimony, and should prefer to ownership other formulas that provide access to the enjoyment of objects, such as renting.  In this instance, distance with respect to ownership does not derive from some ascetic contempt for material goods, which it is perfectly licit to have at one's disposal and to enjoy, but is simply the result of the need to streamline oneself so that one can move around easily. 
For the same reasons, connexionist man likewise tends not to let himself be trapped by institutions, with all the various obligations that entails, and not to allow himself to become entangled in a web of responsibilities towards the other people or organizations he has responsibility for.  That is why he prefers to renounce official power in favour of network forms of power, freed of the constraints of supervision, invigilation, management, representation, and respect for the state rules regulating the use of goods and the management of human beings.  He leaves that to others.  For he prefers autonomy to security.  Great men in the projective city likewise renounce exercising any form of domination over others by taking advantage of statutory or hierarchical properties that would vouchsafe them ready recognition.  Their authority depends exclusively on their competence.  They do not impose their rules or objectives, but agree to discuss their positions (principle of tolerance).  Underlying these different forms of renunciation we find a more basic sacrifice: that of personality, in the sense of a manner of being that expresses itself in similar attitudes and conduct whatever the circumstances.  'The image of the chameleon is a tempting one for describing the pro, who knows how to conduct his relationships in order to reach other people more easily '" Adaptability is the key to the network spirit (efforts have to be made to take the first step), (Bellenger, 1992).  Streamlined people sacrifice a certain interiority and fidelity to the self, the better to adjust to the people with whom they come into contact and to the ever-changing situations in which they are obliged to act (this also assumes renunciation of the hubris of calculate on in favour of a limited rationality).  Consequently, streamlined people can root themselves only in themselves (,the self-enterprise') - the sole instance endowed with a certain permanency in a complex, uncertain and changing world.  However, the quiddity that is recognizable is not the result of a pre-existing endowment, or even of a trajectory
or experience.  It derives from the constellation of established connections.  They are themselves only because they are the links that constitute them. 
<Model tests> are just as necessary for fulfilling the requirements of justice, and for their inscription in the fabric of everyday relations.  These are situations when the status of persons and things is revealed with especial clarity.  Disagreement over a claim to status can be resolved only through a test on which assessments can converge, and which for that purpose must be wholly uncontaminated - that is to say, directed towards measuring status and nothing else.  This presupposes that any risk of contamination by forms of status pertaining to alternative worlds has been excluded.  The test provides proof of status.  It must be amenable to demands for renewal since, as a result of the ability formally accorded everyone to accede to conditions of high status and the non-attachment of a definitive status to persons (which would be at variance with the existence of a human community), people must be in a position to reveal changes in their condition and have them recognized.  As for the <way of expressing the judgement>, it characterizes the manner, different in each city, in which the outcome of the test is marked.  The <form of self-evidence> is the mode of knowledge peculiar to the world under consideration.  These categories aim to define the qualities and the acts of the persons engaged in a test.  So-and-so will be adjudged great if he does some particular thing and inferior if he exhibits a particular kind of behaviour. 
The end ~f a project and the beginning if another
<model test> People cannot be judged on the basis of a single project, because their status reveals itself in the model test and this, as we already know, is the transition from one project to the next.  It is when a project is finished that the key holders are revealed and an appraisal is conducted.  Appraisal is positive in the case of those who, having enhanced their reputation in the course of the project they are leaving, succeed in integrating themselves into a new one.  Contrariwise, it is negative when an inability to maintain or develop links and to liaise with others disqualifies the applicant.  In fact, links are a form of capital that does not belong to those who have the use of them.  By way of sanction, links can always be unilaterally withdrawn by those with whom they are made.  If the moment of the transition from one project to another constitutes the test par excellence, in the logic of a projective city the world is the more testing and hence also the more just - the shorter, the more numerous, and the more changeable projects are. 
Being called on to participate <Expression of judgement and forms of self-evidence>
Inserting, causing to participate, Speaking of, Avoiding, Keeping at a distance, Ignoring, Rejecting, Excluding
People are appreciated if others want to make their acquaintance, to meet them, call upon them, or work with them.  Those from whom nothing is to be expected are avoided, kept at a distance or, more simply, ignored.  One of the peculiarities of network forms is that, unlike what occurs in totalities defined by an inscription of spatial order in a territory (nations, districts, etc. ), of temporal order in a history (lineage), or of legal order in an institution (administrations, churches, etc. ), those who are depreciated lose all visibility and even, in a way, any existence.  For in the logic of this world, existence itself is a relational attribute: every entity, and human persons by the same token as the rest, exists to a greater or lesser extent depending upon the number and value of the connections that pass via it.  This is why such a world has no sanctions other than rejection or exclusion, which, in depriving someone of their links (,disaffiliation', in Robert Castel's terminology), expels them to the margins of the network, where connections are at once both sparse and worthless.  The excluded person is someone who depends on others, but on whom no one any longer depends, who is not wanted by anyone, who is no longer sought after, no longer invited, who, even if his address book is full of names, has disappeared from other people's address books.  It follows that in such a world the mechanisms of justice are essentially preventive.  They must anticipate the possibility of failure by relying on predictive indicators. 
Anthropology and naturalness in the projective city
The question of a city's anchorage in a definition of nature is a crucial one.  First of all, it is important on the level of justice that all human beings have the ability to achieve better conditions, and only a definition of human nature guarantees the sharing of this ability by the whole of humanity.  The <dignity of persons> refers to this dimension in each city; it is what makes for equality and points towards the natural human properties that give everyone the same opportunity to achieve greatness if they do what is required - in particular, if they make the indicated sacrifices (compare the <formula of investment».  The need to connect < Dignity of persons> All the active operators in a network can accede to better conditions, because they all possess the ability to connect with others.  The desire to connect is a basic property of human nature.  In this anthropology, all women and all men are beings of contacts and relations: 'attachment is not the result of a libidinal or learning process . . .  it corresponds to a primary tendency - the need for others - which is stronger than hunger and earlier than sexuality' (Bellenger, 1992).  This need for connection, which is so universal, is the reason why everyone can integrate themselves into networks and acquire employability. 
No one is excluded a priori.  Functioning in networks also satisfies the highly human characteristic of wanting to be simultaeously free and engaged: '[a]ll of us make commitments.  They may erode our freedom to act autonomously, but in return they provide some meaning in our lives and on the job. ' Our 'deep desire for autonomy and self-reliance [is] combined with an equally deep conviction that life has no meaning unless shared with others in the context of community' (Waterman, 1988).  Without this radical duality that each of us bears within ourselves, the series of engagements and disengagements supposed by the projective city would seem absolutely inhuman. 
Every city also presupposes the designation in nature - that is, in 'reality' of an ideal form in which conditions are fairly distributed.  If it is to be mobilized in everyday life, inspire action, or foster justifications, a city's logic must be embodied in some typical examples putting it within people's reach.  In the case of the projective city, the <harmonious figure of natural order> is obviously the network, or rather, the networks that have always existed in the life of human beings. 
The network
<Harmonious figure of natural order> The most natural form is the network.  It imposes itself on entities, whether human or non-human, even if actors are not conscious of it: 'Organization in networks is not something new; it has always existed, like the prose that Monsieur Jourdain composed unawares' (Landier, 1991).  
All beings and all societies have their networks, and [w]e normally think of them as the informal pathways along which information and influences flow: Feminists complain [about] an 'old boys' network'. 
But the network form of organization was previously suspect in firms, and bore the stamp of the clandestine.  The moment for its rehabilitation has now arrived: in the traditional firm, it had an unofficial, even clandestine character, which was deemed subversive of the official hierarchical organization.  For workers, for example, it consisted in discovering tricks to reduce the unpleasantness of their task.  . . .  Informal networks were thus directed against hierarchy; the objective was to defend oneself against decisions that were resented as irrational or unjust.  Such relationships were the breeding ground of trade-union
activity.  The expression 'network management', by contrast, emerged only very recently.  (Landier, 1991)
The projective city as we have just described it allows us to underline the main themes of justification in a world conceived as a network.  With it we have sought to grasp the new forms of justice for which the existing cities could not account, but which nevertheless featured in 1990s management texts.  We shall now satisfy ourselves that the projective city does indeed constitute a specific form, not an unstable compromise between existing cities, by rapidly comparing it with the other normative forms described in De la justification and, in particular, with those that seem closest to it - that is to say, the commercial city and the domestic city. 
