category	text
1	"* view user followers, following, and organizations "
1	"*note: to scrape a private user\'s media you must be an approved follower. "
1	"It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive statistical graphics. "
1	"    newsblur\'s followers are largely technical. "
1	"since the target audience is developers, i opted to leave some parts a little less user-friendly, such as the `settings.py` config system. "
1	"\'path\' has a very attractive menu sitting on the left bottom corner of the screen. "
1	"Chrome\'s vast user base makes it the most attractive target for threat actors and security researchers. "
1	"## audience of django-shop users "
1	"  * hall of fame of the best individuals that lived in the population "
1	"if you enjoy octoprint, please consider becoming a regular supporter!** "
1	"* 25 ready-made social badges using brand colors "
1	"The brand name ERPNext and the logo are trademarks of Frappe Technologies Pvt. "
1	"justifications based on renown and public opinion ["renown" worth] while all orders of justifications involve arguments designed to gain public support, the standard for judgment and evaluation of arguments in the other orders is not the extent of public knowledge or renown itself. "
1	"however, both cases involve attempts at gaining media attention or influencing the impressions of an audience who might not know the issues in-depth. "
1	"more significantly, both cases involve denunciations of these sorts of "publicity" moves. "
1	"the clavey dispute, advocates for both sides had at their disposal a well-developed set of tools (used in political disputes of all sorts in the united states) for generating public and media attention, such as a fax network for press releases, slick bumper stickers (the opposition   s read simply: "save the clavey"), guest editorials sent out to newspapers for consideration, slide shows, newsletters and mass mailings, endorsement campaigns and announcements, and a distinctly american form of pamphlet, the "alert". "
1	"interviews with key environmental leaders in the clavey dispute reveal they were explicitly concerned with making the clavey a well-known issue, particularly among environmentally minded citizens in san francisco and nationwide, and among key elected officials such as national democratic congressional representatives who might endorse the opposition campaign. "
1	"trpt worked with national environmental groups including american rivers, which publishes an annual list of "the ten most endangered rivers" in the united states and generates a great deal of national media coverage. "
1	"the head of trpt, johanna thomas, said the national groups acted "kind of like a public relations firm for the river, because they had the ability to put out materials and reach a huge audience, much like advertisers do". "
1	"this advertisement for the river then paid crucial dividends in the form of pressure on the dam proponents to recognize that not just the politicians were against the dam but also masses of people from throughout the state and nation, many of whom wrote letters to government calling for a halt to the project. "
1	"she contends, "i think it was very threatening when [tid] saw that the clavey was getting this kind of attention". "
1	"the denunciation of these publicity efforts by the dam proponents also suggests the relevance and power of opinion claims. "
1	"mills attempts to play down the national renown of the clavey by pointing out that most of the people who wrote opposition letters were "outsiders" who would never see the river and had no "stake" in the dispute. "
1	"he characterized them as professional adversaries of any dams, who for that reason should have no weight in local decision-making. "
1	"mills goes further to argue against judging the project in terms of opinion at all; he believes opinion evaluations are dangerous because opinion is so fickle and so easily manipulated by "public affairs gurus" and "spin doctors" who know how to "push buttons" on "whatever   s popular right now". "
1	"another project supporter, shirley campbell, also acknowledged the importance of opinion on a local level. "
1	"she helped start the wise use group tucare partly because she wanted to counter the loud publicity from the environmentalists. "
1	"thus, the clavey dispute in the local area took on the appearance of a "public opinion war" because both sides effectively utilized the many tools available to them. "
1	"while public opinion is also at stake in the somport case, the goal of generating media attention and public notoriety is less explicitly pursued by the participants, and the mechanisms for renown are much less developed. "
1	"the famous singer of protest songs, renaud, made headlines when he came out against the tunnel, and he has continued to make dramatic public statements denouncing the tunnel. "
1	"also, there has been quite a lot of national and international press coverage of the large protests against the project. "
1	"but there has been some reaction against the press treatment of the project, partly because the press were considered "parisian" and not local. "
1	"finally, the minister of the environment, brice lalonde, has been denounced by opponents as being overly concerned with managing his image through his prominent role in the dispute. "
1	"attracting the attention and influencing the opinion of politicians is another area of comparative difference. "
1	"this is an essential goal of both sides of the clavey conflict, and both sides were active in lobbying both directly and indirectly. "
1	"the opposition coalitions actively sought the endorsement of key legislators, and even took many legislators on rafting trips with the goal of letting them personally "experience" the clavey. "
1	"much attention was given by the media to a visit by senator barbara boxer to the region, when she came out against the dam. "
1	"again, the denunciations of these renown tactics also reveal the significance of public attention in contributing to the fate of the project. "
1	"activists in the clavey case even developed ingenious methods for informing the public and prompting "ordinary citizens" to write to their legislators. "
1	"for example, rafting companies active in fighting the dam had their guides talk to the customers about the dispute and (when they felt they had convinced them) ask them to write letters to their representatives and to ferc. "
1	"but also the idea of lobbying     trying to influence legislators outside of public settings or even publicly announcing endorsements of any one side in the dispute     would rarely be considered legitimate in france, while it is often (but not always) considered a legitimate tactic in the united states. "
1	"worth is nothing but the result of other people's opinion in the world of renown. "
1	"the measurement of people's worth depends on conventional signs of public esteem. "
1	"this kind of worth is based on nothing other than the number of individuals who grant their recognition. "
1	"it is hence entirely unrelated to the realm of personal dependencies and it is not linked to the person's self-esteem. "
1	"for this reason, disputes may arise when a gap between self-esteem and recognition by others comes to light: in this world, other people's recognition is reality. "
1	"as a guide we used a training book in public relations, principes et techniques des relations publiques. "
1	"in this world, relevant persons are well-known personalities, stars, opinion leaders, journalists. "
1	"they are worthy and great when they are famous, recognized, successful, or convincing. "
1	"the current objects in this world are trademarks, badges, message transmitters and receivers, press releases and booklets. "
1	"the right way of making relations is, then, to influence, to identify oneself to somebody, to appeal to or to speak about somebody, or to gossip and spread rumors. "
1	"the reality of public opinion (higher common principle)\ others (the), public (the, at large). "
1	"\nfame (state of worthiness) reputed,\nrecognized, visible,\nsuccess (to have),\ndistinguish (oneself),\npersuasive, attention getting. "
1	"\nthe desire to be recognized (digni1)\nself-love, respect (desire for). "
1	"\nstars and their fans (subjects) personality (a famous), opinion leader, spokesperson,\nrelay, journalist,\npublic relations agent. "
1	"\nnames in the media (objects) brand,\nmessage, sender,\nreceiver, campaign,\npublic relation, press,\ninterview, bulletin,\nmedium, brochure,\nmailing, badge,\naudiovisual,\natmosphere, setting. "
1	"\ngiving up secrets (investment) reveal. "
1	"\nbeing recognized and identifying\n(reiation of worth)\nidentification,\nstrength. "
1	"persuasion\n(relationships)\ninfluence, convince,\nsensitize, attract,\nseduce, hook,\npenetrate, capture,\nlaunch, emit,\ncirculate (cause to),\npropagate, \norient, amplify, talk about, cite. "
1	"\nthe public image (figures) audience,\ntarget, positioning. "
1	"\npresentation of the event (test)\ndemonstration, press conference,\ninauguration,\nopen house (demonstration). "
1	"\nthe judgment of public opinion (judgmfnt}\nrumor, unconfirmed report, fashion,\nstanding, sensation,\nrepercussion, proper proportions (reduce to),\nmeasure (the audience). "
1	"\nthe evidence of success (evidence) known. "
1	"\nindifference and banality (the fau)\nhidden,\nindifference (encounter), banal, forgotten, fuzzy image, deteriorated,\nfaded, lost. "
1	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory. "
1	"this is the feature andy warhol was alluding to in his famous announcement that a world is coming in which "everyone will have fifteen minutes of fame". "
1	"in the world of fame, there are few things that can consolidate and stabilize the relation between worth, which comes exclusively from the opinion of others, and the bearer of worth, an entity (person or thing) that is not qualified by properties scribed in its being in a lasting way. "
1	"this nonessentialist and purely relational character of the worth of fame may be precisely what has encouraged its adoption as a universal standard of measure by the schools of thought within the social sciences that like to highlight the structural and relativist properties of the social world. "
1	"in the world of fame, people may impose an order on beings and reach agreement in a just world by taking only the opinion of others into account. "
1	"it is opinion that establishes equivalence, and the worth of each being depends on the opinion of others: to a large extent, the reactions "of public opinion determine success". "
1	"persons are relevant inasmuch as they form a public whose "opinion prevails," a public "that creates public opinion" and thereby constitutes the only "true" reality: "isn't an opinion also a reality?" "
1	"fame establishes worth. "
1	"in the world of public opinion, worthy beings are the ones that distinguish themselves, are visible, famous, recognized: their visibility depends on their more or less attention-getting, persuasive, informative character. "
1	"let us note that, in this world, the qualifiers of worth are applied without distinction to persons and to other beings, even though, as in the other worlds, only persons can reach the highest state. "
1	"people are all capable of reaching that state because they share the property of being moved by self-love. "
1	"selflove is what creates their dignity as human beings. "
1	"they have a common desire to be recognized, a common craving for respect. "
1	"in the same way, "questioned by someone from outside his own company ... , the participant wants to be able to explain what his own role is, and to be respected everywhere, since part of the reputation of the company for which he works reflects back on him". "
1	"since worth derives solely from opinion, the other qualities, and in particular one's profession, are not taken into account in the operation of establishing equivalences that makes it possible to identify personalities or stars. "
1	"a surgeon and an explorer may be equivalent when they are considered from the standpoint of fame: "when a cosmonaut, a famous surgeon who has done successful heart transplants, or a celebrated explorer is featured at a company event, this is certain to attract the attention of the public". "
1	"however, arrangements of worth may include persons who are neither big names nor their jam but who serve as judges responsible for focusing attention on the worth established by fame. "
1	"this is the case, for example, with opinion leaders "whose opinion prevails and who determine public opinion," journalists who judge whether or not public opinion is "receptive" or not, public relations agents, hostesses, spokesperson, and press agents. "
1	"access to fame, which is potentially possible from one day to the next for any being, however lacking in resources it may be, can also be supported by an arrangement of objects. "
1	"to make oneself known, it is a good idea to have a name, or, for products, a brand name, inscribed on a medium such as a label or a badge. "
1	"communicating an opinion to the largest possible number of persons allows fame to spread by contagion; this is accomplished within an arrangement that includes a "sender, a receiver, and a medium, an intermediary charged with conveying the message to its intended audience". "
1	"rooted in the world of fame (and not in the industrial or market world), a business enterprise can be thus defined as a sender addressing a receiver: "the sender, that is, the company, and the receiver, that is, the public". "
1	"an effective arrangement, a good campaign that makes it possible to plant an image, thus presupposes "a medium that is perfectly adapted to a specific message and capable of putting this message in the best light". "
1	"the tools that help establish the worth of fame include brochures, flyers, booklets, magazines, newsletters, books, public relation offices, audiovisual productions, press releases, and interviews. "
1	"it is essential to "have the (company] leaders interviewed if they are well known; it is obvious that via a statement made or a position taken by mr. x, a big name, the company of which mr. x is president will be in the limelight". "
1	"as instruments for the worth of fame, objects that represent compromises with the industrial and civic worlds may be used, for example, public opinion surveys; by means of an industrial apparatus, these supply a "yardstick for opinion" or for the penetration of a message, that is, "the fraction expressed in terms of the percentage of a population reached by a given medium". "
1	"however, in the logic of public opinion, this yardstick is sought not merely for its own sake, but also for the way it helps spread the message: "the increasingly frequent recourse to public opinion surveys allows us to state the following fact: the publication of results indicating that a majority of persons has a given opinion reinforces the opinion of these persons, underwriting it, as it were, and influencing the opinion of others". "
1	"the regular publication of surveys thus contributes to ensuring the transparency of the state of worthiness of famous beings who cannot hide the fluctuations of their standing. "
1	"having no secrets is the price paid, more generally, for reaching the state of worthiness in this world. "
1	"to be known, one must agree to reveal everything, keep nothing back, hide nothing from one\'s public. "
1	""the public has a real allergy to secrets". "
1	"stars thus give up not only their private lives but also individual or personal attitudes, which are denigrated in this world as extravagances or whims that might displease the public at large. "
1	"similarly, one must abstain from any "esotericism" (a mode of expression that has high value in the inspired world), for this mode is treated as a manifestation of ostracism with respect to the majority. "
1	"as a result, every act aimed at public opinion has to be carried out in relation to the least sophisticated sector, which implies that the same information must also be delivered to the most sophisticated sector". "
1	"in the world of public opinion, the relation of worth is a relation of identification. "
1	"the most worthy include the others because the latter identify with the former, as the fan identifies with the star. "
1	"but persons may also identify with objects that have been successful, and through these objects with the celebrities who have adopted and displayed them. "
1	"thus "every satisfied driver identifies with his car and \'defends\' it against judgments formulated by others". "
1	"to include others is to be recognized by others, to attract their attention, to convince them, to obtain respect from them, to earn or win their support. "
1	"a being of great fame creates a public, constitutes it as such, just as much as that being is created by its public. "
1	"the person that succeeds in breaking through, in capturing the attention of the public, includes and imparts reality to the being of those who, owing to the recognition that they grant that person, ensure his celebrity. "
1	"such a person "takes on the potential strength of each of his audiences" and manifests that strength by concentrating it in himself. "
1	"the term strength, although it is ambiguous, is used in the manual we are referring to here, as it is in hobbes's canonical texts, especially in the evocation of the way in which a famous person encompasses his public and increases in stature in proportion to its support. "
1	"the relation of inclusion among the worthy through their fame and their audience is expressed in terms of influence. "
1	"to establish a relation of influence, one has to hook, attract, alert, gain a following (fans) or a reputation, persuade, reach, sensitize, mobilize, interest, inform, seduce. "
1	"subjected to such influences, opinion creates fashion; it circulates the way a rumor does in a communications network, and thus imparts value to the beings of that nature whose fame spreads mutually from one to another: "if for example a company succeeds in inviting big names, stars, the reputation of those big names will carry over to the company itself". "
1	"being acquainted with something is equivalent to having heard of it: "by virtue of hearing of [someone or something] in any number of ways, the public has the impression, even if it is not involved in a consumer relationship, that it knows [that person or thing] . "
1	"talking about something, mentioning it, dropping a name, and publishing a book are all ways of "getting a message across," of releasing, spreading a piece of information. "
1	"in this world in which everything that has value is immediately known and visible, persons are constantly making comparisons. "
1	"thus, for example, "the press, in all its forms, allows employees of a company to compare their company, their own working conditions and salaries, to other companies in the same sector, or even in other sectors". "
1	"these crisscrossed comparisons weave a network. "
1	"persons who are receptive, receivers of the message, in tum become senders. "
1	"public relations offices are used to stimulate the process by creating "a network of free press agents". "
1	"in fact, those who have heard about something become its echoes, retransmit it, guaranteeing its repercussions; they convey information, they maintain the image, by multiplying and amplifying the message as a "center of resonance". "
1	"similarly, "a good public relations policy may make it possible, for example, owing to good contacts with the press, to amplify \'good information.\'" "a public" thus plays "a dual role: spectator and actor. "
1	"the public is a spectator when it receives certain information that may prompt a reaction of endorsement, opposition, or indifference. "
1	"but then the public becomes an actor, for in most cases it will talk about that information to other publics to which it can communicate its opinion". "
1	"one can intervene in this communications network, manipulate it in order to plant an image, launch or promote a product "information emanating from the press, personalities, opinion leaders" "appears in the public eye" and, by orienting and manipulating the image transmitted to the public, it positions the product. "
1	"the natural order distributes the range of images by positioning them in relation to their publics, which are divided up into targets or audiences. "
1	"in the world of fame, the peak moments are those during which these images become salient, for example during a presentation that places them in the spotlight under the gaze of others. "
1	"beings achieve worth only if the presentation is made visible, in a transparent space in which it can be looked at and compared. "
1	"the presentation may take the form of a press conference, "during which some important information is transmitted to journalists," or it may take the form of an inauguration or launching "that brings together big names, carefully chosen and important audiences, and journalists," and which makes it possible, while producing "as great a sensation as possible, ... to alert visitors and incite them to come in". "
1	""a demonstration serves as a medium, from the vehicle to the message, obvious or implied, which makes it possible to achieve the desired goal. "
1	"consequently, the message may take on the form of a true message, it may communicate some information, or it may be only an ambiance, a climate that is created and that acts almost unconsciously on the audience present". "
1	"the brand name makes it possible to crystallize a trend in public opinion, through a brand image. "
1	"turning the press into an instrument ensures the objectification of this demonstration by its repercussions, the sensation that is produced: "the press is generally quick to echo the rumor and unconfirmed reports it picks up". "
1	"in the world of public opinion, judgment is in fact manifested by the convergence of opinions that produce a rumor, an unconfirmed report. "
1	"the demonstration is patent when this convergence is visible owing to the affluence of the world and can thus amplify itself on its own like a fashion: "it is well known that the world attracts the world and that the circus atmosphere (in the good sense) is always a safe bet". "
1	"the absence of judgment, in this world, consists in deluding oneself about one's own worth. "
1	"only a demonstration of the judgment of public opinion makes it possible to reduce the tension between the worth one attributes to oneself (ideal) and the worth that is attributed to one by others (real): "before undertaking any action at all on a brand image, it is important to know the real image (or the absence of a real image); to define with precision the ideal image that it would be desirable to promote". "
1	"to reduce a rumor or an unconfirmed report to its proper proportions, one must resort to the "reactions of public opinion". "
1	"the judgment may be supported, as we have already seen, by survey techniques that allow the establishment of a measure, a standing that helps reassure the celebrities of the undeniable worth that they are afforded by the recognition granted them. "
1	"indeed, in the world of public opinion, what is known is what is already obvious, and, conversely, what is either unknown to the majority (esoteric) or indistinguishable and lacking in relief is debatable. "
1	"to be unworthy, in the logic of public opinion, is to be banal (not to have been "debanalized"), "not to have any image at all, which in general signifies a complete ignorance of the product," or else to have an image that is fuzzy, degraded, faded, lost; to be forgotten or hidden, to encounter indifference or opposition, in short, to disappear": "certain companies struggle ... not to lose it [their image], not to disappear". "
1	""all one has to do is keep a close eye on the press for a month to be persuaded of this: events that mobilize public opinion in a country for several days running are completely forgotten from one day to the next because they have disappeared from the newspapers. "
0	"immediacy of real-time chat with the productivity benefits of threaded"
0	"with *anaconda* and other scientific python distributions, so you don't need"
0	"if you test it with such configuration, please provide feedback!"
0	"to run the tests first install the development dependencies via:"
0	"these extensions are standardized as well in so called"
0	"Thanks to our great community, we\'ve finally re-added conda support."
0	"it is similarly necessary to verify the legality of candidates, who, in order to be eligible, must be free, that is, detached from the   bonds of personal dependence that constitute the worth of people in the civic world: "to be eligible, one must ... not be a near relative or the spouse of the employer"."
0	"before using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted."
0	"it is thus necessary to "control the elected officials"."
0	"this activity is liberating because it frees people from the oppression of selfish interests."
0	"the legitimate representative must report back to the base, that is, to the people whose association constitutes the collective."
0	"democracy is the most appropriate political form for the manifestation of the general will that constitutes the model test for the civic world."
0	"it confers on them a right of presence and a right to vote, prerogatives that are attested by cards, contributions, and receipts: "the receipt for contributions on which the collector records the sums received"."
0	"specifically, it uses unbiased variance to update the moving average, and use sqrt(max(var, eps)) instead of sqrt(var + eps)."
0	"working in community, we can soon have a cli client as complete as the web one!"
0	"judgment is the expression of the general will that may be manifested in the inner self of each person through the achievement of awareness ("it is within the company that workers begin to become aware that they have common interests"); this may be manifested by a collective reflection or in the form of a mobilization around a cause, or it may use democratic instruments: voting, elections, the designation of representatives."
0	"    -   tcsh - community supported"
0	"similarly, the more worthy are proud of the less worthy who are parts of themselves: "never let a child leave the house without checking quickly to make sure that everything is in order and that one can be proud of him"."
0	"to be we// brought up is to know how to behave with poise, without shocking, irritating, or annoying others."
0	"these justifications relate to what boltanski and thevenot (1991) term the domestic order of worth in which the claim of a general value is warranted by personal tie or local attachment, so that personal character or proximity are considered the source or building blocks of universal goods."
0	"when they face superiors, beings worthy of esteem are deferential, which "does not however imply obsequiousness, opportunism, or flattery"."
0	"these three terms themselves are in a relation of equivalence, because the bond of personal dependence that connects a less worthy person with a superior-always constructed in the image of the father, whose state of worth is highest because he is the incarnation of the tradition-can be conceived in more than one way: since the worthiest person is found at the point of origin, the bond can be read as a link either in the chain of generations or in a hierarchical chain."
0	"the former have precedence over the latter in the order of generation, and by the same token also in hierarchies."
0	"conversely, "a failure to observe the rules of good behavior can close doors, and the slightest blunder may have consequences at the level of the situation (a term that here designates a professional state precisely in that it depends on the position occupied in chains of personal dependence and on the javor of superiors)."
0	"one\'s duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak."
0	"in a domestic world, in which beings can be qualified according to an extensive range of different states of worthiness, the less worthy are always present and designated as such because they are the very substance with which the worth of the more worthy that include them is constructed."
0	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today."
0	"the trust stores (mozilla, microsoft, etc.)"
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"this is where upbringing shows its full value ..."
0	"\nothers: vtsitor, surroundings (members of), neighbors, third party."
0	"indeed, "personal introduction reflect an individual\'s temperament and character" in the same way that one\'s place of "residence" (in the literal sense of dwelling as the materialization in accouterments of the worth of a household and a family) "is in the image of its occupants"."
0	"they exist in continuity (a property of the unworthy in the inspired world), and they possess all the qualities that manifest permanence, such as firmness, loyalty, punctuality."
0	"visiting cards ("on white card stock in the classic shape and design"), letterheads on which "one\'s title is included," signatures, which put an end to anonymity ("the rather disagreeable anonymous aspect of illegible signatures"), handwritten letters, which identify because they bear the mark of a unique handwriting (as opposed to typewritten letters, of an industrial nature, which are not suitable for "personal correspondence"), the announcements by means of which one "informs of the birth of a child" are all "ways of introducing oneself    that make it unnecessary for the interlocutor to ask who you are "such a question is displeasing, because it includes a reproach to the interlocutor for failing to inform of something that should be known."
0	"  advanced algorithm for calculating the strength of your habits."
0	"\nrespect and responsibility\n(relation of worth)\nauthority, subordination,\nrespectability, honor,\nshame."
0	"it is the parents\' duty to educate proper etiquette and behavior in their children in a continuous, lasting, and thoroughgoing way, so that the children in turn will become well-brought-up adults: "to be well brought up is to know how to conduct oneself correctly in all circumstances."
0	"All Web Browsers retain certain information about our browsing habits."
0	"these attitudes are also natural when they are based on good sense ("principles based on good sense") or on predispositions ("get a favorable predisposition right away"), as they often turn out to be naturally in harmony with the way the world is evolving."
0	"\nothers: vtsitor, surroundings (members of), neighbors, third party."
0	"this is where upbringing shows its full value ..."
0	"in relation to the less worthy beings for whom he is responsible, the superior has the duty to share with them, according to their rank\'."
0	"similarly, the more worthy are proud of the less worthy who are parts of themselves: "never let a child leave the house without checking quickly to make sure that everything is in order and that one can be proud of him"."
0	"this primacy is a source of authority."
0	"loop is a mobile app that helps you create and maintain good habits,"
0	"these justifications relate to what boltanski and thevenot (1991) term the domestic order of worth in which the claim of a general value is warranted by personal tie or local attachment, so that personal character or proximity are considered the source or building blocks of universal goods."
0	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r'"
0	"such problems surface in particular when time is introduced as a factor in market relations, which are atemporal by nature."
0	"these justifications consider the worth of things only in terms of price, and support a very short-term construction of time in which the market competition test is the basis for evaluation."
0	"by recognizing dignity in persons occupied with satisfying their self-centered desires, utilitarian philosophy has contributed to establishing the modem image of the individual detached from the chains of belonging and liberated from the weight of hierarchies."
0	"* tron virtual machine (tvm) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (dapps) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"you will only have to pay amazon for using their storage."
0	"once you\'ve established your model can accurately predict price movement a day in advance, "
0	"it precedes consciousness itself: "[the art of selling is the conscious practice of a lot of things we already know unconsciously- and have probably spent the better part of our lives doing" (89)."
0	"in this he displays the attitude of a person acting normally in the market world; in order to reach agreement on a transaction, such a person has to rely on the objectivity of the item and on its independence with respect to the various persons implicated in the transaction."
0	"it might be preferable to recognize that the freedom of free-market liberalism has meaning only insofar as it is an expression of choice for external goods, and that this externality is acquired only if one starts out with a detachment that presupposes seeing others the way one sees oneself."
0	"this is the observable contract and sometimes it is the desired behavior."
0	"possess (relation of worth) interest (to) (relations} buy, get (for oneself), sell, business (do business with), negotiate, benefit (from), market, pay, compete. the market world must not be confused with a sphere of economic relations."
0	"- any kind of act, activity or business that requires any kind of governmental authorization or license to legally occur or exist, without previously obtaining such authorization or license;"
0	"\t        vendor: edimax technology co. ltd."
0	"buy it from amazon, it is not expensive ($72)."
0	"methods and the market-dominant browser to execute JS ensures we can save even the most "
0	"these justifications consider the worth of things only in terms of price, and support a very short-term construction of time in which the market competition test is the basis for evaluation."
0	"when they are engaged, the beings of the market world are doing business."
0	"once you\'ve established your model can accurately predict price movement a day in advance, "
0	"this attention does not serve to temper selfishness; it is consubstantial with selfishness in the market order."
0	"as for the market world, it is not animated exclusively by business relations between buyers and sellers."
0	"here, too, the adoption of this approach to the market world makes it possible to dispel ambiguities about freedom and liberalism."
0	"try out the sample application [on the android market][10]."
0	"Equally there are significant privacy concerns with devices constantly sending metadata (both during activation and other Apple-linked/-hosted activities) and linking IP addresses very strongly with real identities based on purchase payment information and if a cellular device, metadata collected about SIM, etc unless such connections are blocked at the network level (which is only possible on self-managed infrastructure, i.e."
0	"the test is the moment, uncertain in its outcome, when a deal is done, settled, in the bag."
0	"we have tried to show, on the contrary, that economic actions are based on at least two main forms of coordination, one by the marketplace, the other by an industrial order, and that each has its own way of setting up a reality test."
0	"representatives of the tourism industry in the clavey area, led by an active group of river rafting companies and employees, repeatedly argue the dam would lead to a decrease in tourist dollars for the local economy."
0	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r'"
0	"<model test> people cannot be judged on the basis of a single project, because their status reveals itself in the model test and this, as we already know, is the transition from one project to the next."
0	"but he knows also how to give of himself, to be there as and when appropriate, to exploit his presence in personal relations, in face-to-face encounters: he is always available, even-tempered, self-assured without being arrogant, familiar without overstepping the limits, obliging, with more to offer than he expects in return."
0	"he is \'his own leader, leader in his relations with those above and those below, leader in his networks\' (serieyx, 1993)."
0	"#### updating your project to use the new scripts"
0	"almost all the magic now happens in either `tile` or `tileview` - if you understand those 2 classes, you understand the majority of the project."
0	"informal networks were thus directed against hierarchy; the objective was to defend oneself against decisions that were resented as irrational or unjust."
0	"mindsdb\'s goal is to give developers easy access to the power of artificial neural networks for their projects.[!"
0	"alternatively, just import the project using your ide."
0	"we still have to clarify two elements that are crucial for the implementation of justice in a rhizomorphous world - what the grammar we are employing calls the <formula of investment> as well as the <model test>."
0	"what matters is to develop activity that is to say, never to be short of a project, bereft of an idea, always to have something in mind, in the pipeline, with other people whom one meets out of a desire to do something."
0	"but it is as if we had to wait until the last third of the twentieth century for the activity of mediating, the art of making and using the most diverse and remote kinds of connection, to be autonomized - separated from the other forms of activity it had hitherto been bound up with - and identified and valued for itself."
0	"but it is as if we had to wait until the last third of the twentieth century for the activity of mediating, the art of making and using the most diverse and remote kinds of connection, to be autonomized - separated from the other forms of activity it had hitherto been bound up with - and identified and valued for itself."
0	"1g and above all, it can be evoked in institutional or social terms, when the beings between whom some transfer is established, and who are proximate in space and time, were hitherto separated by boundaries isolating institutions, disciplines, domains, or (in pierre bourdieu\'s terminology) fields from one another."
0	"\'the image of the chameleon is a tempting one for describing the pro, who knows how to conduct his relationships in order to reach other people more easily \'" adaptability is the key to the network spirit (efforts have to be made to take the first step), (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"many open source software projects use git, java, and maven, but requiring docker is less common."
0	"life is conceived as a succession of projects; and the more they differ from one another, the more valuable they are."
0	"but he knows also how to give of himself, to be there as and when appropriate, to exploit his presence in personal relations, in face-to-face encounters: he is always available, even-tempered, self-assured without being arrogant, familiar without overstepping the limits, obliging, with more to offer than he expects in return."
0	"the status of a connection depends upon the extent to which it has established a mediation that makes it possible to abolish distance."
0	"this is one of the ways in which the projective city can win over forces hostile to capitalism: by proposing a grammar that transcends it, which they in turn will use to describe their own activity while remaining oblivious of the fact that capitalism, too, can slip into it."
0	"i could increase my physical activity, say start training for a mini-marathon, but that\'s not something i felt comfortable with."
0	"life is conceived as a succession of projects; and the more they differ from one another, the more valuable they are."
0	"they may erode our freedom to act autonomously, but in return they provide some meaning in our lives and on the job."
0	"entertaining the hypothesis that we are witnessing the formation of a new city, where the tests that matter involve constructing or loosening connections in a network world, obviously does not mean that the establishment of networks represents a radical new departure."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover."
0	"he contrasts wild bears with non-wild bears put in zoos, and compares this to the contrast between genuine humans and non-genuine humans who are forced by environmental restrictions to live in a "reservation of humans like a reservation of indians"     in this way he uses cohabitation ironically as a defense of the project and at the same time denounces his opponent, who often identifies himself with the native indian ideal of living in harmony with the land. native "indian" attachments to sites makes an ideal of the intimate connections of native indians to their culturally significant sites."
0	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"the sacredness of her attachment to this place is in some ways "proved" only through being present in the place, and she prizes the experience of being near the clavey."
0	"Petetin’s reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"in the clavey case, uniqueness arguments are perhaps the most prevalent environmental justifications offered by dam opponents."
0	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation."
0	"at a further level, some environmental evaluations depart from the political and moral requirements which are shared by all orders of worth where common humanity is the group of reference for the evaluation and propose an extension of the "community" of reference to include non-human entities (a move to "ecocentrism" rather than "anthropocentrism")."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"petetin says, "the indian culture is a culture shared by men and women who lived in harmony with nature all year around, without spoiling it, while using its richness, while loving it, while knowing it"."
0	"for example, one reason offered against the road-tunnel project was, "the survival of the large pyrenean scavenger birds depends on the perennial continuation of traditional practices such as mountain transhumance"."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"the clavey activist wally anker combines arguments in this way by saying first that the clavey is "the only place i know that is the same today as it was during the ice age," then saying that his family has lived near the clavey for generations, and he wants to preserve the clavey so his grandchildren can have the same attachment to it."
0	"a voluntary association in the aspe valley, fiep, is in fact entirely dedicated to promoting harmonious "cohabitation," particularly by working to "let shepherds and bears live together in the pyrenees"."
0	"in france the idea of "domesticated nature" is not necessarily set against "untouched wilderness" as in the united states53 while the clavey debate often concerns separating what is to be untouched and what is not, this is not always the case in the somport debate, and there are instead connections made between the domestic life of the valley and its natural life."
0	"when mitigations to infrastructure plans are proposed to make them more environmentally sensitive. these types of justifications     which might add a new "order of worth" to the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme have become more refined and widespread since the rise of the global environmental movement in the past few decades, but they also have important historical and cultural precursors."
0	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation."
0	"petetin often dresses up using some symbols of american indian costumes like a feather in his hair, and holds up indian culture as an exemplar of a sustainable and harmonious relationship with the land     this attachment is then used as a green justification for his position against the somport project (although there is also a significant element of inspiration justification)."
0	"the environmentalists who opposed the dam on the clavey were constantly referring to a long list they compiled of all the "officially threatened or endangered" plant and animal species, such as the rare "wild trout," found within the clavey canyon and presumably further endangered by the project.48 the other side for their part constantly tried to refute this justification, either by denying the danger to these species or proposing to mitigate for any potential harm (but never explicitly by denying the importance of protecting endangered species)."
0	"we cannot take care of bears without taking care of the forest or the pastures, because the bears are demanding"."
0	"petetin often dresses up using some symbols of american indian costumes like a feather in his hair, and holds up indian culture as an exemplar of a sustainable and harmonious relationship with the land     this attachment is then used as a green justification for his position against the somport project (although there is also a significant element of inspiration justification)."
0	"deep ecology a particular variant of "green" standards of evaluation known as "deep ecology" has been developed, primarily in the united states but initially in europe, which makes a very important move away from the common moral requirements found in the other types of justification we have been considering."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"in the clavey case, for example, dam opponents made the arguments that wild places like the clavey must be preserved because they have been entrusted to our stewardship by past generations and we must pass them on the future generations."
0	"so wilderness is valued (by dam opponents) because of its non-human qualities, but the pristine quality of wilderness is used as a justification (against building the dam) because pristine wilderness has a benefit for humanity."
0	"the environmentalists who opposed the dam on the clavey were constantly referring to a long list they compiled of all the "officially threatened or endangered" plant and animal species, such as the rare "wild trout," found within the clavey canyon and presumably further endangered by the project.48 the other side for their part constantly tried to refute this justification, either by denying the danger to these species or proposing to mitigate for any potential harm (but never explicitly by denying the importance of protecting endangered species)."
0	"when mitigations to infrastructure plans are proposed to make them more environmentally sensitive. these types of justifications     which might add a new "order of worth" to the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme have become more refined and widespread since the rise of the global environmental movement in the past few decades, but they also have important historical and cultural precursors."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans"."
0	"one of her primary self-descriptions is as a "gatherer". one who collects plants, particularly mushrooms, from the ancestral lands which surround the clavey and she often describes her gathering as a ritual, "sacred" cultural practice (something her elders taught her)."
0	"petetin says, "the indian culture is a culture shared by men and women who lived in harmony with nature all year around, without spoiling it, while using its richness, while loving it, while knowing it"."
0	"an exhibition on the bears in the valley town of accous tells the "fabulous story of a mythical animal"."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"he contrasts wild bears with non-wild bears put in zoos, and compares this to the contrast between genuine humans and non-genuine humans who are forced by environmental restrictions to live in a "reservation of humans like a reservation of indians"     in this way he uses cohabitation ironically as a defense of the project and at the same time denounces his opponent, who often identifies himself with the native indian ideal of living in harmony with the land. native "indian" attachments to sites makes an ideal of the intimate connections of native indians to their culturally significant sites."
0	"petetin often dresses up using some symbols of american indian costumes like a feather in his hair, and holds up indian culture as an exemplar of a sustainable and harmonious relationship with the land     this attachment is then used as a green justification for his position against the somport project (although there is also a significant element of inspiration justification)."
0	"arguments in the somport controversy focus on the singularity of the aspe valley and the scarcity and uniqueness of the animals in the area."
0	"he contrasts wild bears with non-wild bears put in zoos, and compares this to the contrast between genuine humans and non-genuine humans who are forced by environmental restrictions to live in a "reservation of humans like a reservation of indians"     in this way he uses cohabitation ironically as a defense of the project and at the same time denounces his opponent, who often identifies himself with the native indian ideal of living in harmony with the land. native "indian" attachments to sites makes an ideal of the intimate connections of native indians to their culturally significant sites."
0	"for example, one reason offered against the road-tunnel project was, "the survival of the large pyrenean scavenger birds depends on the perennial continuation of traditional practices such as mountain transhumance"."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"in the clavey case, uniqueness arguments are perhaps the most prevalent environmental justifications offered by dam opponents."
0	"there are several senses in which the river is characterized as a unique natural place: in terms of being the "last" undammed river in the ecosystem, in terms of its specific role in local heritage and its historical importance, in terms of being a "rare" ecosystem not found elsewhere and in terms of the number of endangered species which live in the ecosystem."
0	"the forest service rated the river partly on its value as an undisturbed habitat."
0	"the green characterization of "natural" heritage is particularly oriented toward future generations."
0	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover."
0	"the sacredness of her attachment to this place is in some ways "proved" only through being present in the place, and she prizes the experience of being near the clavey."
0	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"in the clavey case, uniqueness arguments are perhaps the most prevalent environmental justifications offered by dam opponents."
0	"the clavey activist wally anker combines arguments in this way by saying first that the clavey is "the only place i know that is the same today as it was during the ice age," then saying that his family has lived near the clavey for generations, and he wants to preserve the clavey so his grandchildren can have the same attachment to it."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"Petetin’s reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"they emphasized the integration of valley habitats: "the bear is an integrator."
0	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life."
0	"Petetin’s reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"the outpouring of inspiration (higher common principle) inspiration."
0	"the "unforeseen accidents of creation" ("with all its-happily- uncontrolled and mysterious aspects"), its detours, call for humility, which allows one to "transcend the prideful assurance of the expert.""
0	"they know how to recognize and welcome what is mysterious, imaginative, original, unspeakable, unnamable, ethereal, or invisible, and they are at ease in informal situations."
0	"but their deficient state actually enhances their access to knowledge of the world\'s truly harmonious figures (heaven, the imaginary, the unconscious, and so on)."
0	"the radical singer-songwriter renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: the aspe valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that i have had the privilege of seeing"
0	"genius, independent."
0	"it is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good."
0	"the world of inspiration"
0	"this practice shelters inspired worth from the opinions of others worth in this world is indifferent to signs of contempt but it also accounts for the fragility of this form of worth."
0	"this library was made by possible based on code and design inspiration from these sources:"
0	"thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: baudelaire, cocteau, einstein, galileo, mozart, shakespeare, and the like."
0	"they stem equally from a mind and a body (a gift may be manifested either in gestures or in words) that are prepared to receive inspiration- in other words, that are cut off from what connects them to arrangements of other natures and placed in a state of availability."
0	"the way to escape from reality is to "let imagination run wild," "turn individuals into explorers of the imaginary so they can succeed in "descending into the unconscious," for "all creation draws upon the unconscious.""
0	"worth is often qualified negatively in such a way as to emphasize what is lacking, what would be needed in order to grasp, evaluate, and stabilize a situation."
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"once the field is inserted, you should now see "!unexpected end of formula""
0	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time ."
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"in this world, in which beings are appreciated for their uniqueness and in which the being with the highest degree of generality is the most original, the worthy are at once unique and universal."
0	"the inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations."
0	"in this state, one grasps the world by way of impressions and feelings, through an aura of happiness, vertigo, fear and trembling, for the real world is not directly accessible to the senses."
0	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths.""
0	"i find this very useful, and you can get really creative with it too."
0	"Every week, new GAN papers are coming out and it\'s hard to keep track of them all, not to mention the incredibly creative ways in which researchers are naming these GANs!"
0	"create, discover, quest, imagine, dream, explode (cause to)."
0	"knowledge acquired through education-the routines of schooling or the habits of family life-thus constitutes an obstacle to what leads toward worth: amazement or enthusiasm."
0	"this is particularly true of the professional river rafters who became involved in the opposition campaign (they spend more time physically near the clavey than anyone else), and of the members of the me-wuk tribe who attach not simply an emotional but a religious importance to the clavey canyon."
0	"a less obvious but often quite significant category of justifications involve judgments based on inspiration, passion, and emotion, and often point to the singularity or creativity of a person, object, or action which is the source of inspiration."
0	"adventure, quest, mental voyage, pathfinding, lived experience."
0	"it is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good."
0	"It takes inspiration in tools that exist in other languages, like `composer` (PHP) or `cargo` (Rust)."
0	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist."
0	"Every week, new GAN papers are coming out and it\'s hard to keep track of them all, not to mention the incredibly creative ways in which researchers are naming these GANs!"
0	"inspired persons are not afraid to define themselves by using terms that would devalue them according to a different logic, as for example when one qualifies oneself as irrational."
0	"in the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation."
0	"they know how to recognize and welcome what is mysterious, imaginative, original, unspeakable, unnamable, ethereal, or invisible, and they are at ease in informal situations."
0	"the main opposition figure is often portrayed in quasi-religious terms, e.g. as an english preacher sermonizing alone in the desert who presumably preaches his opposition message from a spiritual inspiration. he gives impassioned speeches with artistic flair and gestures; he lives in an abandoned railroad car in the valley and, in a similarly avant-garde way, has transformed the derelict railway station into a cafe to welcome hip, non-touristy travelers."
0	"they know how to recognize and welcome what is mysterious, imaginative, original, unspeakable, unnamable, ethereal, or invisible, and they are at ease in informal situations."
0	"the outpouring of inspiration (higher common principle) inspiration."
0	"it is in the nature of inspiration to pour out, to spring up, to manifest itself through a \'\'flash of genius," a "spark" that will provoke the appearance of an idea, an illumination or unusual intuition that disturbs, bringing in its wake a "confused bubbling up," a "strange whirlwind.""
0	"the "unforeseen accidents of creation" ("with all its-happily- uncontrolled and mysterious aspects"), its detours, call for humility, which allows one to "transcend the prideful assurance of the expert.""
0	"the inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations."
0	"these beings are worthy and great when they are odd, wonderful, emotional."
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"evidence takes the form of an affective state, a feeling that is spontaneous, involuntary, and fleeting; its validity demands neither approval from others (as it would in the world of fame) nor the construction of a routine that stabilizes relationships among objects (as it would in the industrial world)."
0	"love, passion, create."
0	"in both the somport and clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature."
0	"the inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations."
0	"to surpass oneself, one must plunge down into the place where worth can be manifested- that is, into oneself-"take a sort of mental voyage," "a trip without drugs, as it were"-in order to awaken one\'s "dormant faculties" by means of dreams and fantasies; one must "know how to use sleep," give oneself over to daydreaming, "not always think about being useful, efficient, logical, rational.""
0	"the waking dream (objects) mind, body, dream, unconscious, drug."
0	"this holds true for children, who are "curious, inventive, passionate," for women, the simple-minded, and madmen, and also for poets, artists (who are of the same "nature as women"), monsters, \'\'frightening, imaginary creatures," and other freaks of nature."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"one must "break out of habits and routine," "accept risks," "reject habits, norms, sacrosanct principles," and call everything into question while shaking oneself loose from the "inertia of knowledge.""
0	"the alchemy of unexpected encounters (relationships)."
0	"the worthiest persons in terms of inspiration are often despised by the world at large; they may be poor, dependent, and useless."
0	"the proof for inspiration justifications is the display of an emotion, or otherwise showing that one is moved or overwhelmed or awed."
0	"in this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness."
0	"one shifts without transition from the singularity of the i to the generality of man."
0	"beings in the state of unworthiness are defined with reference to the world of fame, in that they seek respect and attach "importance" to "social position" and to "external signs of success.""
0	"create, discover, quest, imagine, dream, explode (cause to)."
0	"indeed, in the inspired world, the objects and arrangements that equip worth are not detached from persons."
0	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use."
0	"finally, activists refer to the natural harmony of man and nature, an equilibrium that is beautiful and inspiring, that is found in the remote canyon."
