category	text
1	"If you\'re feeling confident, use "
1	"you\'re just looking for [some inspiration][inspiration], we\'ve got you covered. "
1	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use. "
1	"the inspiration for mozdef comes from the large arsenal of tools available to attackers. "
1	"we want designers to be as creative as possible to better serve end users, and developers to dedicate their time programming the core functionality and forget about repetitive tasks such as ui implementation. "
1	"`com.moagrius.widgets.scrollview` is a clone of aosp\'s `scrollview` and `horizontalscrollview`, with some inspiration taken from `recyclerview` and `gesturedetector`. "
1	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application. "
1	"our elite teams challenge themselves to build extraordinary experiences by bridging the latest strategy and design thinking with enterprise-grade software development. "
1	"`pyfunctional`\'s api takes inspiration from scala collections, apache spark rdds, and microsoft "
1	"in terms of inspiration, *black* is about as configurable as *gofmt*. "
1	"from here what you do is only limited by your imagination, but here are a few ideas to get started: "
1	"micronaut is developed by the creators of the grails framework and takes inspiration from lessons learnt over the years building real-world applications from monoliths to microservices using spring, spring boot and grails. "
1	"once the field is inserted, you should now see "!unexpected end of formula" "
1	"sources of inspiration "
1	"this library was made by possible based on code and design inspiration from these sources: "
1	"(in fact, textgenrnn learns *so well* that you have to increase the temperature significantly for creative output! "
1	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use. "
1	"- in addition, you may use, copy, modify and redistribute all artistic creative works (figures and images) included in this distribution under the directory "
1	"It takes inspiration in tools that exist in other languages, like `composer` (PHP) or `cargo` (Rust). "
1	"(in fact, textgenrnn learns *so well* that you have to increase the temperature significantly for creative output! "
1	"i find this very useful, and you can get really creative with it too. "
1	"Every week, new GAN papers are coming out and it\'s hard to keep track of them all, not to mention the incredibly creative ways in which researchers are naming these GANs! "
1	"run with an inspiration in a clean environment "
1	"justifications based on inspiration and emotion [   inspiration    worth] "
1	"a less obvious but often quite significant category of justifications involve judgments based on inspiration, passion, and emotion, and often point to the singularity or creativity of a person, object, or action which is the source of inspiration. "
1	"the proof for inspiration justifications is the display of an emotion, or otherwise showing that one is moved or overwhelmed or awed. "
1	"although these sorts of arguments often lead to the critique that they are unable to be discussed or challenged as general (more than personal) claims, and that they are irrational or unreasonable, we find that emotionally inspired (or inspiring) gestures and claims can be publicly displayed, commonly evaluated, and criticized within a specific order of worth. they can be the proof of some valuable attachment beyond mere personal feelings, of people making the step from personal passion to a kind of generalized argument where inspiration is valued as a common good. "
1	"in both the somport and clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature. "
1	"the main opposition figure is often portrayed in quasi-religious terms, e.g. as an english preacher sermonizing alone in the desert who presumably preaches his opposition message from a spiritual inspiration. he gives impassioned speeches with artistic flair and gestures; he lives in an abandoned railroad car in the valley and, in a similarly avant-garde way, has transformed the derelict railway station into a cafe to welcome hip, non-touristy travelers. "
1	"the radical singer-songwriter renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: the aspe valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that i have had the privilege of seeing "
1	"people refer to the clavey canyon as a special place evoking personal tranquility, and they talk about the transformative feeling of being a mere human in the rugged wilderness of the area. "
1	"this is particularly true of the professional river rafters who became involved in the opposition campaign (they spend more time physically near the clavey than anyone else), and of the members of the me-wuk tribe who attach not simply an emotional but a religious importance to the clavey canyon. "
1	"finally, activists refer to the natural harmony of man and nature, an equilibrium that is beautiful and inspiring, that is found in the remote canyon. "
1	"the world of inspiration "
1	"the construction of this world is based on st augustine\'s city of god and on the treatise augustine devoted to the problem of grace. "
1	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows. "
1	"this worth rests upon the attainment of a state of grace and is, therefore, completely independent of recognition by others. "
1	"it arises, particularly, in the personal body when prepared by asceticism, and especially through emotions. "
1	"its expressions are diverse and many-sided: holiness, creativity, artistic sensibility, imagination, etc. "
1	"reference to this world is made, nonetheless, each time people attain worth without bothering about opinions of others. "
1	"it is, for example, the case of artists. "
1	"artists do not necessarily reject public marks of reputation or financial recognition, but they must, in order to be allowed to accept them, make a compromise, which is always difficult to reach, with another kind of worth, say, for example, with that of renown or of the market. "
1	"even when they attain recognition, they never see in their success the very bases of their work\'s value or of their own. "
1	"in order to display the objects of the inspired world we used a practical guide devoted to the development of executives\' creativity written by a \'creativity consultant\', whose title is la creativite en pratique. "
1	"without going into details, one can show that, in the world of inspiration, the relevant beings are, for example, spirits, crazy people, artists, children. "
1	"these beings are worthy and great when they are odd, wonderful, emotional. "
1	"their typical way of acting is to dream, to imagine, to rebel, or to have living experiences. "
1	"the outpouring of inspiration (higher common principle) inspiration. "
1	"inexpressible and ethereal, bizarre, unusual, marvelous, unspeakable, disturbing, &citing, spontaneous, emotional. "
1	"the anxiety of creation (dignity). "
1	"love, passion, create. "
1	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist. "
1	"the waking dream (objects) mind, body, dream, unconscious, drug. "
1	"escape from habits (investment). "
1	"calling into question, risk, detour. "
1	"the universal value of uniqueness (relation of worth). "
1	"genius, independent. "
1	"the alchemy of unexpected encounters (relationships). "
1	"create, discover, quest, imagine, dream, explode (cause to). "
1	"the reality of the imaginary (figures). "
1	"imaginary, unconscious. "
1	"vagabondage of the mind (test). "
1	"adventure, quest, mental voyage, pathfinding, lived experience. "
1	"the stroke of genius (judgment). "
1	"illumination, intuition, spring up, appear, chance, bubbling up, revolution, vertigo, surpass (oneself), masterpiece, planet, aura. "
1	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths. "
1	"the temptation to come down to earth (the fall). "
1	"paralyzed, habit, external signs, reproductive. the inspired world, in which beings must be prepared to welcome changes of state, is weakly equipped and not very well stabilized. "
1	"all the things that support and outfit equivalence in the other worlds, such as measures, rules, money, hierarchy, and laws, are missing here. "
1	"given its weak level of accouterment, this world tolerates the existence of internal tests that are minimally objectifiable, if at all. "
1	"this practice shelters inspired worth from the opinions of others worth in this world is indifferent to signs of contempt but it also accounts for the fragility of this form of worth. "
1	"the inspired world has to confront the paradox of a worth that eludes measure and a form of equivalence that privileges particularity. "
1	"in this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness. "
1	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves. "
1	"it is manifested by feelings and passions, and it is experienced as devouring, terrifying, enriching, exciting, exalting, fascinating, disturbing, and so on. "
1	"what is worthy is what cannot be controlled or -even more importantly- what cannot be measured, especially in its industrial forms. "
1	"worth is often qualified negatively in such a way as to emphasize what is lacking, what would be needed in order to grasp, evaluate, and stabilize a situation. "
1	"inspired persons are not afraid to define themselves by using terms that would devalue them according to a different logic, as for example when one qualifies oneself as irrational. "
1	"in the inspired state of worthiness, beings are not subject to industrial measures, reason, determination, or the certainties of technology; they deviate from the ordinary and "take on bizarre airs." "
1	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange." "
1	"they know how to recognize and welcome what is mysterious, imaginative, original, unspeakable, unnamable, ethereal, or invisible, and they are at ease in informal situations. "
1	"the passion that moves them instills in them at the same time a desire to create- a desire awakened by inspiration- along with anxiety or doubt, love for the object pursued, and suffering. "
1	"the worthiest persons in terms of inspiration are often despised by the world at large; they may be poor, dependent, and useless. "
1	"but their deficient state actually enhances their access to knowledge of the world\'s truly harmonious figures (heaven, the imaginary, the unconscious, and so on). "
1	"this holds true for children, who are "curious, inventive, passionate," for women, the simple-minded, and madmen, and also for poets, artists (who are of the same "nature as women"), monsters, \'\'frightening, imaginary creatures," and other freaks of nature. "
1	"in this world, in which beings are appreciated for their uniqueness and in which the being with the highest degree of generality is the most original, the worthy are at once unique and universal. "
1	"one shifts without transition from the singularity of the i to the generality of man. "
1	"thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: baudelaire, cocteau, einstein, galileo, mozart, shakespeare, and the like. "
1	"according to this logic, there are beings even worthier than artists, beings who inhabit magical worlds (shades, fairies, magi), but when these are evoked in the work we are drawing on here it is always in a desecratory mode. "
1	"poverty leads to worth through a stripping away that leaves the body bare. "
1	"indeed, in the inspired world, the objects and arrangements that equip worth are not detached from persons. "
1	"they stem equally from a mind and a body (a gift may be manifested either in gestures or in words) that are prepared to receive inspiration- in other words, that are cut off from what connects them to arrangements of other natures and placed in a state of availability. "
1	"to surpass oneself, one must plunge down into the place where worth can be manifested- that is, into oneself-"take a sort of mental voyage," "a trip without drugs, as it were"-in order to awaken one\'s "dormant faculties" by means of dreams and fantasies; one must "know how to use sleep," give oneself over to daydreaming, "not always think about being useful, efficient, logical, rational." "
1	"the same results can be achieved with the help of devices borrowed from religions of the far east, from zen, and from psychoanalytical approaches." "
1	"access to inspired worth thus calls for sacrificing forms of stabilization and the contrivances that ensure the identity of persons in other worlds. "
1	"one must "break out of habits and routine," "accept risks," "reject habits, norms, sacrosanct principles," and call everything into question while shaking oneself loose from the "inertia of knowledge." "
1	"the terms that designate the operation of avoiding alternate worlds (which are denounced as illusory) take on particular relief here: to prepare oneself for worthiness is to "shed one\'s rational mental outlook," "give up" everything in order to devote oneself to one\'s vocation, shed one\'s skin, get rid of one\'s old self. "
1	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time . "
1	"he knows, on the contrary, that he will have to experience failures, run in place for long periods, start over again and again before succeeding." "
1	"the "unforeseen accidents of creation" ("with all its-happily- uncontrolled and mysterious aspects"), its detours, call for humility, which allows one to "transcend the prideful assurance of the expert." "
1	"worthy persons in the inspired world understand other beings, encompass them and bring them to fulfillment, not by representing what they all have in common (as spokespersons do in the civic world, for example), but rather by asserting their own uniqueness. "
1	"it is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good. "
1	"they thus have the duty of shaking off the yoke, of separating themselves from the herd, of seeking individual liberation, not in order to pursue a selfish goal but in order to achieve human dignity while reestablishing authentic relations among human beings. "
1	"in the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation. "
1	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others. "
1	"one must thus adopt a state of openness, a welcoming attitude in order to allow "the mysterious alchemy of creation, the alchemy of things and the alchemy of words," an alchemy that composes an ever-new and shifting world: "we are speaking in vague terms of unheard-of riches, of significations that are infinite in their variety and by that very token highly imprecise." "
1	"the inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations. "
1	"indeed, only in universes detached from reality- from "demoralizing reality," or what purports to be such in other worlds, and especially in the industrial world-can true worths be manifested: thus it is necessary to "explode what is called reality." "
1	"the way to escape from reality is to "let imagination run wild," "turn individuals into explorers of the imaginary so they can succeed in "descending into the unconscious," for "all creation draws upon the unconscious." "
1	"a true adventure is an inner adventure, and a true voyage is a voyage of the mind, a pathfinding, a quest. "
1	"this mode of translation is opposed to everything that, in other worlds, and once again especially in the industrial world, grasps movement in the accomplishment of a determination, in a trajectory that is predictable and thus "boring." "
1	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises." "
1	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths." "
1	"it leads to the experience of particular states "in which the barriers are down," bodily states and mind-jests that are moments of plenitude and inspiration. "
1	"in such peak moments-in the creation of a masterpiece, for example-inspiration manifests itself spontaneously, suddenly, in a disorderly fashion, gripping the creator and obliging him to "surpass himself." "
1	"its way of appearing is to deposit a breath that animates, that draws "imagination out of its stupor" and prods it to take off. "
1	"it is in the nature of inspiration to pour out, to spring up, to manifest itself through a \'\'flash of genius," a "spark" that will provoke the appearance of an idea, an illumination or unusual intuition that disturbs, bringing in its wake a "confused bubbling up," a "strange whirlwind." "
1	"in this state, one grasps the world by way of impressions and feelings, through an aura of happiness, vertigo, fear and trembling, for the real world is not directly accessible to the senses. "
1	"it allows itself to be known by means of signs that unveil its existence and suggest what it may be, but without making itself present. "
1	"these signs, conveyed through words or images, take the form of coincidence, analogy, or metaphor. "
1	"all coincidences are relevant because "relationships, often tenuous or purely intellectual ones" exist "among all the elements of our universe." "
1	"the manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas. "
1	"one must adopt a "different language," that of "images, phantasms, symbols, myths, legends," shot through with associations, open to the fantastic, to dreams, and "nourished by the prodigious accumulation of images, memories, and myths that has built up without our conscious awareness." "
1	"evidence takes the form of an affective state, a feeling that is spontaneous, involuntary, and fleeting; its validity demands neither approval from others (as it would in the world of fame) nor the construction of a routine that stabilizes relationships among objects (as it would in the industrial world). "
1	"beings in the state of unworthiness are defined with reference to the world of fame, in that they seek respect and attach "importance" to "social position" and to "external signs of success." "
1	"they are also qualified by properties that express both the determination and the reproduction of sameness (as opposed to originality) and also the flexibility and stability of that which, lacking impetus or held in restraint, cannot grow: they are frozen in the repetition on of (industrial) routines or (domestic) habits, and locked into the reproduction of what is already known. "
1	"knowledge acquired through education-the routines of schooling or the habits of family life-thus constitutes an obstacle to what leads toward worth: amazement or enthusiasm. "
1	"the polity comes undone when the temptation to come down to earth wins out over the impulse to take flight. "
0	"gathering for collective action (relationships)\nunify, mobilize, assemble, join, support, appeal, debate (democratically), speak out\n\n(take the floor), inform, codify, legalize, authorize, refer (to a court)."
0	"their worthiness is qualified first by their dimensions: confederate ("confederate congress"), national or international, and by the fact that they belong to public space as opposed to the "private" world: one speaks of "public agencies"."
0	"to resist the tendency that attracts them toward the particular, moral beings in the civic world have to be stabilized by means of equipment."
0	"- [and here you can find lots of sophisticated **quickstart** templates shared by the community!"
0	"this detachment is what guarantees the candidates\' independence and \'\'freedom of speech": one must "respect ... the independence of judgment that is necessary in such circumstances"; and a "lack of independence with respect to management suffices in itself for a labor union to be declared nonrepresentative" freedom is the condition of dignity, because it respects the aspiration of citizens to unity."
0	"this definition provides criteria, for example "criteria of representation," and codes making it possible to identify the various collective persons and to distribute among them the individuals whose identity may be defined in turn by their membership in collectives."
0	"if their material existence is to appear in a striking fashion, collective persons must also be circumscribed in space by boundaries, which assign them a sector or district ("electoral district")."
0	"- [and here you can find lots of sophisticated **quickstart** templates shared by the community!"
0	"their qualities are to be official or statutory."
0	"the relevant objects are either immaterial as, for example, rules, codes, procedures, or material, as union premises or ballot boxes."
0	"configuration management, service discovery, circuit breakers, intelligent routing, micro-proxy, control bus, one-time tokens, global locks, leadership election, distributed sessions, cluster state)"
0	"# join the fairseq community"
0	"please continue opening issues and providing feedback for community"
0	"civic worth depends first and foremost on membership."
0	"moreover, persons or collectives gain in worth when they work toward union, when they strive to "unify" people, to "break down their isolation," to concentrate "the collective power of salaried employees grouped around common objectives," and when they manage to express, in a "unitary concept," the "problems common to all"."
0	"to create a collective, it is necessary to assemble, regroup, reunite, unify."
0	"the democratic republic (figures)\nrepublic, state, democracy, base, electorate, institutions (representative),\nparliament."
0	"to make itself heard, it requires "seats to be filled," polling places, voting booths, ballots," "measures allowing an electoral campaign to take place normally"- slates of candidates, for example."
0	"in the civic polity, as in the domestic polity according to bossuet, civil peace depends on the authority of a sovereign whose position, above the selfish lusts of individuals, secures the common good."
0	"this detachment is what guarantees the candidates\' independence and \'\'freedom of speech": one must "respect ... the independence of judgment that is necessary in such circumstances"; and a "lack of independence with respect to management suffices in itself for a labor union to be declared nonrepresentative" freedom is the condition of dignity, because it respects the aspiration of citizens to unity."
0	"the preeminence of collectives (higher common principle) \ncollective, all, will (general)."
0	"this is what confers on them the quality of citizens invested with civil rights: "the salaried employees of the company are presumed to enjoy their civil rights"."
0	"thus "small gifts nourish friendship" and foster bonding because they call for something in return: "thanks are owed for everything received: flowers, gifts, candy, books, and so on," and- "a sacrosanct principle--every letter requires a reply"."
0	"in the french case, arguments of this sort are found in the call by project opponents to protect the region’s treasured culture and heritage (patrimoine in french), of which the valley’s landscape is a significant part."
0	"ideally, you should make it a habit to not pick up the mouse to perform most of your actions and slowly migrate towards a mouseless-workflow."
0	"but malicious gossip, transmitted in person-to-person chitchat, from mouth to mouth, only diminishes the unworthy who lend themselves to it and who, by circulating rumors, which the worthy refuse to do, betray their superiors: "if you are not in agreement with your superior and_ if he maintains his position, do not criticize him outside [1.e., to others] ...."
0	"it is indeed via the more worthy that persons find themselves diminished, since, better placed in the chain that binds them to their origins, they intervene by rendering superfluous the beings that they include and of which they are the accomplishment."
0	"you trust your users and want to avoid the extra verification step."
0	"\nthe rules of etiquette (objects) good manners, proper behavior, rank, title,\ndwelling,\nintroduction,\nsignature,\nannouncements, gifts,\nflowers."
0	"  you can also craft a packet object from scratch."
0	"access to superiority comes by way of a good upbringing."
0	"rpcs are often used for performance reasons with internal communications, as you can hand-craft native calls to better fit your use cases."
0	"betrayal is an extreme case of deficiency, because it disaggregates and takes apart: it finishes the job of setting apart and detaching the person who, by making his independence known on the outside, undermines the unity of the house and thus makes it vulnerable."
0	"this primacy is a source of authority."
0	"trust in others, superiors are informed and wise."
0	"thus it is absolutely useless to be distant, bossy, humiliating."
0	"thus, in introductions, "one always introduces the other person to the one to whom the greatest respect is owed," so that, "in practice, the least important person is named first"."
0	"in the domestic world, in fact, the more worthy include the less worthy as if they had created them."
0	"in bossuet\'s political construction, the king, who is the greatest being, is comparable with a father, who sacrifices himself for his subjects."
0	"\nthe rules of etiquette (objects) good manners, proper behavior, rank, title,\ndwelling,\nintroduction,\nsignature,\nannouncements, gifts,\nflowers."
0	"\nthe exemplary anecdote (evidence)\n&ample (give as an), prejudice."
0	"when they face superiors, beings worthy of esteem are deferential, which "does not however imply obsequiousness, opportunism, or flattery"."
0	"upbringing, which produces "the well-brought-up person" in whom reserve is combined with poise, is in the end precisely what associates the worthy state with generation, a relation that is established here (as is often the case when an utterance reveals what lies at the heart of the natural order) in the mode of what we shall designate further on by the term "desecration": "those who hold or who believe they hold the secrets of a good upbringing claim that it takes at least three generations to produce a wellbrought-up man"."
0	"thus, in introductions, "one always introduces the other person to the one to whom the greatest respect is owed," so that, "in practice, the least important person is named first"."
0	"similarly, the more worthy are proud of the less worthy who are parts of themselves: "never let a child leave the house without checking quickly to make sure that everything is in order and that one can be proud of him"."
0	"upbringing, which produces "the well-brought-up person" in whom reserve is combined with poise, is in the end precisely what associates the worthy state with generation, a relation that is established here (as is often the case when an utterance reveals what lies at the heart of the natural order) in the mode of what we shall designate further on by the term "desecration": "those who hold or who believe they hold the secrets of a good upbringing claim that it takes at least three generations to produce a wellbrought-up man"."
0	"the two groups are not separate from one another, but rather of the same flesh."
0	"engenderment\naccording to tradition\n(higher common principle)\ngeneration,\nhierarchy, tradition."
0	"to have good bearing and to behave correctly and naturally, one must have been well brought up: "drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door."
0	"indeed, "personal introduction reflect an individual\'s temperament and character" in the same way that one\'s place of "residence" (in the literal sense of dwelling as the materialization in accouterments of the worth of a household and a family) "is in the image of its occupants"."
0	"it is indeed via the more worthy that persons find themselves diminished, since, better placed in the chain that binds them to their origins, they intervene by rendering superfluous the beings that they include and of which they are the accomplishment."
0	"the typical objects are, for instance, visiting cards, gifts, estates, houses, titles."
0	"tests thus often take the form of confirmations; this is apparent in the archaic expressions of the domestic world offered by fairy tales, which are saturated with anecdotes in which a worthy person, disguised as someone of lesser worth, is subjected to a test that reveals his own inherent worthiness (for example, "the princess and the pea")."
0	"these justifications relate to what boltanski and thevenot (1991) term the domestic order of worth in which the claim of a general value is warranted by personal tie or local attachment, so that personal character or proximity are considered the source or building blocks of universal goods."
0	"thus it is absolutely useless to be distant, bossy, humiliating."
0	"ask for a meeting with her while respecting the ground rules (company policies, hierarchical order)"."
0	"justifications based on tradition and locality [   domestic    worth] "
0	"however, if not, it is possible (easy in fact) to craft them manually, though it"
0	"this package provides routines to construct graphs on videos, segment them, build trees out of them, and convert them back to videos."
0	"thus parents whose children treat them."
0	"in the domestic world, where beings are immediately qualified according to their worth, in such a way that their manifestation necessarily entails a determination of their position in a hierarchy, the inscription of signs of worth in the form of titles, heraldry, clothing, marks on the body, and so on, is sought in order to limit the uncertainty of situations involving personal encounters and to reduce the costs of identification."
0	"a well-ordered world is thus first of all a world in which the children have been well brought up, and are trained in good manners."
0	"in a domestic world, beings are immediately qualified by their relationships with others."
0	"the father is principle of cohesion in the family, the one who establishes the link to an origin; like the boss, or, earlier, the king, the father is the one who lifts beings up by means of the dependence in which he holds them and who thus gives them access to all the worth they are capable of achieving according to the level they occupy."
0	"these justifications relate to what boltanski and thevenot (1991) term the domestic order of worth in which the claim of a general value is warranted by personal tie or local attachment, so that personal character or proximity are considered the source or building blocks of universal goods."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are not apprehended according to their own worth, as is the case in the industrial world, but essentially according to how much they contribute to establishing hierarchical relations among people (we find examples in objects used in the context of social encounters) and also, according to the degree to which they facilitate the inscription."
0	"this mode of understanding beings is expressed in pride, respect, and shame."
0	"The warning about the key not being certified is benign, as it has not yet been manually assigned trust."
0	"conversely, "a failure to observe the rules of good behavior can close doors, and the slightest blunder may have consequences at the level of the situation (a term that here designates a professional state precisely in that it depends on the position occupied in chains of personal dependence and on the javor of superiors)."
0	"tests thus often take the form of confirmations; this is apparent in the archaic expressions of the domestic world offered by fairy tales, which are saturated with anecdotes in which a worthy person, disguised as someone of lesser worth, is subjected to a test that reveals his own inherent worthiness (for example, "the princess and the pea")."
0	"thus persons who possess dignity in subordination, however unworthy they may be, are only truly deficient when they find themselves detached from the units that included them, either by distancing (foreigner, outsider) or owing to their own selfishness."
0	"the worth that, in the domestic world is a function of the position one occupies m chains of personal dependence can only be grasped in a relational sense: worthier than ... , less worthy than... for the same reasons, the exercise of worth is subject here to constraints of place and time linked to the need to present oneself in person in the presence of others, in order to manifest one\'s own importance."
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"think of it as an easy way to get your scripts up on the web for routine data analysis, file processing, or anything else."
0	"since market objects encompass the desires of others, their possession implies a hierarchical relation in the ordinary sense of the term."
0	"the opportunism that characterizes the worthy those who know how to make the most of everything, in the market world- thus goes hand in hand, unparadoxically, with a certain attention to others that presupposes "the ability to listen, really to hear what someone is saying" (mccormack 1984, 8) (inasmuch as others are detached individuals themselves, and not inasmuch as they form an opinion from which one has to protect oneself, like "the others" in the world of fame)."
0	"recent theoretical developments regarding the quality of goods do touch on the crucial hypothesis of a common identification of objects, but the problems raised are reduced to a matter of asymmetrical information."
0	"meanwhile, pilelayout is able to be customized by these 4 params:"
0	"optionally, install via the eclipse marketplace"
0	"the object, a good or a service, helps to fashion a link between people by attracting, by interesting."
0	"this is the observable contract and sometimes it is the desired behavior."
0	"of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection\r"
0	"what you use is what you pay for."
0	"this place assigned to money in market world tests does not allow us to settle any debates over monetary theory, of course, but it suggests that money, in its function of reserve value attached to a projection onto the future, is an ambiguous entity that opens up a passageway to other worlds."
0	"the market world must not be mixed up with the sphere of economic relations."
0	"at an annual sales convention, the president of a dog food company summed up the situation this way: "\'over the past few days,\' he began, \'we\'ve heard from all our division heads and of their wonderful plans for the coming year. if we have the best advertising, the best marketing, the best sales force, how come we sell less goddamn dog food than anyone else in the business?\' absolute silence filled the convention hall. finally, after what seemed like forever, a small voice answered from the back of the room: \'because the dogs hate it\'" (117)."
0	"accordingly, we design two customized modules named cascade corner pooling and center pooling, which play the roles of enriching information collected by both top-left and bottom-right corners and providing more recognizable information at the central regions, respectively."
0	"your preferred price and performance."
0	"just at cloudera, hue is heavily used by thousand of customers executing millions of queries daily."
0	"market worth does not participate in a construction of time."
0	"this world is also peopled with omnipresent objects; the economist can overlook their role in the coordination of actions only when he treats them as endowed with a nature independent of the interventions of others."
0	"besides, progress value can be freely customized."
0	"the goal here is to use intelligent defaults as much as possible, and then allow the most universal aspects to be customized through a common interface."
0	"accordingly, we design two customized modules named cascade corner pooling and center pooling, which play the roles of enriching information collected by both top-left and bottom-right corners and providing more recognizable information at the central regions, respectively."
0	"- want to use tencent soter in more sensitive business scenarios like login, or even payment?"
0	"viewed from the outside, the constitutive convention of competition plays the same role as the conventions that serve as higher common principles in the other worlds."
0	""go for profit. samuel johnson once said: \'there are few ways in which a man can be more innocently employed than in getting money\'""
0	"mycat\xe2\x80\x99s target is to smoothly migrate the current stand-alone database and applications to cloud side with low cost and to solve the bottleneck problem caused by the rapid growth of data storage and business scale."
0	"\t        vendor: canon inc."
0	"* `bigpanda_auth_bearer` - the authorization bearer header that is assigned to each customer by bigpanda."
0	"can be customized in two ways:"
0	"### design amazon\'s sales ranking by category feature"
0	"during the testing period, the model signals to buy or sell based on its prediction for price"
0	"enterprise customers for high-scale business applications that must meet low"
0	"- any kind of act, activity or business involving dangerous or controlled goods or substances, including stolen goods, firearms, radioactive materials or drugs."
0	"and yet the market order also espouses the order of the general and the particular that implies such embedding."
0	"#### Step 2. generate your customized Dockerfile"
0	"this requirement, often forgotten in methodological or political approaches to individualism, is the one that defines the individual as a social being, socialized by desires that converge toward external goods."
0	"instability does not imply a defect, as it does in the industrial world."
0	"whether an application is social, news, or business-to-business, users expect a seamless experience both online and offline."
0	"the market world must not be mixed up with the sphere of economic relations."
0	"> technical analysis of financial market data."
0	"i\'ve been doing mainly this project for over a year now, and even though i\'m not making money off of it, i would be extremely appreciative for any contributions to help pay for the domain and the website\'s vps."
0	"we have tried to show, on the contrary, that economic actions are based on at least two main forms of coordination, one by the marketplace, the other by an industrial order, and that each has its own way of setting up a reality test."
0	"[**(29) why do i get \'the item you requested is not available for purchase\'?"
0	"they are worthy when they are rich."
0	"let us note that, in this world, the qualifiers of worth are applied without distinction to persons and to other beings, even though, as in the other worlds, only persons can reach the highest state."
0	"also, there has been quite a lot of national and international press coverage of the large protests against the project."
0	"the natural order distributes the range of images by positioning them in relation to their publics, which are divided up into targets or audiences."
0	"the public is a spectator when it receives certain information that may prompt a reaction of endorsement, opposition, or indifference."
0	"activists in the clavey case even developed ingenious methods for informing the public and prompting "ordinary citizens" to write to their legislators."
0	"mills goes further to argue against judging the project in terms of opinion at all; he believes opinion evaluations are dangerous because opinion is so fickle and so easily manipulated by "public affairs gurus" and "spin doctors" who know how to "push buttons" on "whatever   s popular right now"."
0	"to be known, one must agree to reveal everything, keep nothing back, hide nothing from one\'s public."
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"attracting the attention and influencing the opinion of politicians is another area of comparative difference."
0	"but then the public becomes an actor, for in most cases it will talk about that information to other publics to which it can communicate its opinion"."
0	"finally, the minister of the environment, brice lalonde, has been denounced by opponents as being overly concerned with managing his image through his prominent role in the dispute."
0	"to reduce a rumor or an unconfirmed report to its proper proportions, one must resort to the "reactions of public opinion"."
0	"Chrome\'s vast user base makes it the most attractive target for threat actors and security researchers."
0	"but there has been some reaction against the press treatment of the project, partly because the press were considered "parisian" and not local."
0	"she contends, "i think it was very threatening when [tid] saw that the clavey was getting this kind of attention"."
0	"as a result, every act aimed at public opinion has to be carried out in relation to the least sophisticated sector, which implies that the same information must also be delivered to the most sophisticated sector"."
0	"the absence of judgment, in this world, consists in deluding oneself about one's own worth."
0	"mills attempts to play down the national renown of the clavey by pointing out that most of the people who wrote opposition letters were "outsiders" who would never see the river and had no "stake" in the dispute."
0	"\nindifference and banality (the fau)\nhidden,\nindifference (encounter), banal, forgotten, fuzzy image, deteriorated,\nfaded, lost."
0	"the demonstration is patent when this convergence is visible owing to the affluence of the world and can thus amplify itself on its own like a fashion: "it is well known that the world attracts the world and that the circus atmosphere (in the good sense) is always a safe bet"."
0	"if you enjoy octoprint, please consider becoming a regular supporter!**"
0	"in the world of fame, the peak moments are those during which these images become salient, for example during a presentation that places them in the spotlight under the gaze of others."
0	"communicating an opinion to the largest possible number of persons allows fame to spread by contagion; this is accomplished within an arrangement that includes a "sender, a receiver, and a medium, an intermediary charged with conveying the message to its intended audience"."
0	"attracting the attention and influencing the opinion of politicians is another area of comparative difference."
0	"since the target audience is developers, i opted to leave some parts a little less user-friendly, such as the `settings.py` config system."
0	"the clavey dispute, advocates for both sides had at their disposal a well-developed set of tools (used in political disputes of all sorts in the united states) for generating public and media attention, such as a fax network for press releases, slick bumper stickers (the opposition   s read simply: "save the clavey"), guest editorials sent out to newspapers for consideration, slide shows, newsletters and mass mailings, endorsement campaigns and announcements, and a distinctly american form of pamphlet, the "alert"."
0	"persuasion\n(relationships)\ninfluence, convince,\nsensitize, attract,\nseduce, hook,\npenetrate, capture,\nlaunch, emit,\ncirculate (cause to),\npropagate, \norient, amplify, talk about, cite."
0	"trpt worked with national environmental groups including american rivers, which publishes an annual list of "the ten most endangered rivers" in the united states and generates a great deal of national media coverage."
0	"this kind of worth is based on nothing other than the number of individuals who grant their recognition."
0	"rooted in the world of fame (and not in the industrial or market world), a business enterprise can be thus defined as a sender addressing a receiver: "the sender, that is, the company, and the receiver, that is, the public"."
0	"in fact, those who have heard about something become its echoes, retransmit it, guaranteeing its repercussions; they convey information, they maintain the image, by multiplying and amplifying the message as a "center of resonance"."
0	"likewise inferior are those who do not know how to communicate, because they are impervious or have fixed ideas, are authoritarian and intolerant, making them incapable if compromise. they resemble all \'the office "miseries", the sullen types, the individualists who withdraw into themselves, never go out, don\'t participate in the end-of-year drinks, shun cocktails, return to the hotel pronto, and plant themselves in front of the tele, that absolute "network-killer\'" (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"appraisal is positive in the case of those who, having enhanced their reputation in the course of the project they are leaving, succeed in integrating themselves into a new one."
0	"for the same reasons, connexionist man likewise tends not to let himself be trapped by institutions, with all the various obligations that entails, and not to allow himself to become entangled in a web of responsibilities towards the other people or organizations he has responsibility for."
0	"he is a \'nomad\'."
0	"almost all the magic now happens in either `tile` or `tileview` - if you understand those 2 classes, you understand the majority of the project."
0	"with this nuwa project\xef\xbc\x8cyou can also have the repairing power, fix your android applicaiton without have to publish a new apk to the appstore."
0	"maven needs a file named [pom.xml][mvn-project] in the root of the project."
0	"characterization of these projects according to categories that are apposite in other cities (whether familial, affective, educative, artistic, religious, charitable, etc."
0	"for the same reasons, they are not critical (except when it comes to defending tolerance and difference)."
0	"no one is excluded a priori."
0	"first of all, it is important on the level of justice that all human beings have the ability to achieve better conditions, and only a definition of human nature guarantees the sharing of this ability by the whole of humanity."
0	"this project has been pushed to maven central, both in `aar` and `apklib`."
0	"entertaining the hypothesis that we are witnessing the formation of a new city, where the tests that matter involve constructing or loosening connections in a network world, obviously does not mean that the establishment of networks represents a radical new departure."
0	"informal networks were thus directed against hierarchy; the objective was to defend oneself against decisions that were resented as irrational or unjust."
0	"great men, past masters when it comes to self-monitoring, know how to judge \'other people\'s emotional states more lucidly and are perceived in their turn as more friendly, open, less uneasy, less anxious, less nervous in their relationships\'."
0	"but it is as if we had to wait until the last third of the twentieth century for the activity of mediating, the art of making and using the most diverse and remote kinds of connection, to be autonomized - separated from the other forms of activity it had hitherto been bound up with - and identified and valued for itself."
0	"but he knows also how to give of himself, to be there as and when appropriate, to exploit his presence in personal relations, in face-to-face encounters: he is always available, even-tempered, self-assured without being arrogant, familiar without overstepping the limits, obliging, with more to offer than he expects in return."
0	"in fact, links are a form of capital that does not belong to those who have the use of them."
0	"characterization of these projects according to categories that are apposite in other cities (whether familial, affective, educative, artistic, religious, charitable, etc."
0	"being called on to participate <expression of judgement and forms of self-evidence>\ninserting, causing to participate, speaking of, avoiding, keeping at a distance, ignoring, rejecting, excluding"
0	"far from being attached to an occupation or clinging to a qualification, the great man proves adaptable and flexible, able to switch from one situation to a very different one, and adjust to it; and versatile, capable of changing activity or tools, depending on the nature of the relationship entered into with others or with objects, it is precisely this adaptability and versatility that make him employable - that is to say, in the world of firms, in a position to attach himself to new projects."
0	"in this city, the great man is a \'plunderer of ideas\' (serieyx, 1993)."
0	"in so doing, creators of links temporarily find themselves in the position of keyholder, since all those who in turn want to cross the boundaries they have traversed will, for a certain period of time, have to go through them."
0	"activity, projects, extension of the network, proliferation of connections <common superior principle>"
0	"the forms in which a distance is overcome define different ways of possessing high status."
0	"they are not (hierarchical) bosses, but integrators, facilitators, an inspiration, unifiers of energies, enhancers of life, meaning and autonomy."
0	"it is sometimes necessary to turn round and go back, give up en route, go and look elsewhere\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"but they know how to take full advantage of each situation in its uniqueness. for the same reasons they appear spontaneous, in contrast to strategists, whose manoeuvres are overly conspicuous, and frighten people."
0	"not all links are of equivalent worth."
0	"finally, the project is indeed the central mechanism of the city that bears its name."
0	"they make it clear (without this being attributable to strategy or calculation) that they are not reducible to the statutory properties defining them in their curriculum vitae."
0	"tron is a project dedicated to building the infrastructure for a truly decentralized internet."
0	"many open source software projects use git, java, and maven, but requiring docker is less common."
0	"they regard everyone as contact able and any contact as possible and natural; they treat well-known and obscure people in identical fashion."
0	"[an] adroitness in the way they conduct themselves in the world, in making connections, in acting in such a way as to get what they want\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"the question of a city\'s anchorage in a definition of nature is a crucial one."
0	"without his demanding information or going in search of it, others give him the information he needs."
0	"likewise inferior are those who do not know how to communicate, because they are impervious or have fixed ideas, are authoritarian and intolerant, making them incapable if compromise. they resemble all \'the office "miseries", the sullen types, the individualists who withdraw into themselves, never go out, don\'t participate in the end-of-year drinks, shun cocktails, return to the hotel pronto, and plant themselves in front of the tele, that absolute "network-killer\'" (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"towards 2020...so...if you are using python2 in your projects you should"
0	"in fact, links are a form of capital that does not belong to those who have the use of them."
0	"but those of high status in the projective city do not merely identify connections."
0	"the business will benefit from faster time-to-market, reduced operational costs, maximized application lifetime, and the flexibility to integrate with new or existing technologies."
0	"to that end, great men must redistribute the scarce goods they have access to - in the first place, information (\'eliminating the restrictions that limit everyone\'s access to information\'[le saget, 1994]), and integration into networks, \'whose collective function is to support and enrich each member\'s assignment\' (aubrey, 1990)."
0	"the development if oneself and one\'s employability (\'being the agent of one\'s own evolution, taking control of one\'s future\' [le saget, 1994]), which is the long-term personal project underlying all the others, will not be successfully accomplished."
0	"this city is founded on the mediating activity employed in the creation of networks, making it valuable in its own right, independently of the goals pursued or the substantive properties of the entities between which the mediation is conducted."
0	"<model test> people cannot be judged on the basis of a single project, because their status reveals itself in the model test and this, as we already know, is the transition from one project to the next."
0	"we have already seen that great men are not only versatile, engaged and mobile themselves, but that they cause others to benefit from these qualities by striving to advance their employability at the same time as they develop their own."
0	"the general nature of the rhizomorphous form is declined by means of different metaphors, which refer either, in traditional fashion, to weaving (stitch, loop, knot); or to the devices in which fluids circulate (flow, oil pipeline, channel, electric cables); or, in more modern fashion, to the biology of the brain (synapses, neurons, etc.)"
0	"the green characterization of "natural" heritage is particularly oriented toward future generations."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"the environmentalists who opposed the dam on the clavey were constantly referring to a long list they compiled of all the "officially threatened or endangered" plant and animal species, such as the rare "wild trout," found within the clavey canyon and presumably further endangered by the project.48 the other side for their part constantly tried to refute this justification, either by denying the danger to these species or proposing to mitigate for any potential harm (but never explicitly by denying the importance of protecting endangered species)."
0	"we cannot take care of bears without taking care of the forest or the pastures, because the bears are demanding"."
0	"when mitigations to infrastructure plans are proposed to make them more environmentally sensitive. these types of justifications     which might add a new "order of worth" to the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme have become more refined and widespread since the rise of the global environmental movement in the past few decades, but they also have important historical and cultural precursors."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"however, the relation of man and the wild is not described in terms of a struggle so much as in the united states, and there is less attention to the "experience" of wilderness."
0	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g."
0	"the environmentalists who opposed the dam on the clavey were constantly referring to a long list they compiled of all the "officially threatened or endangered" plant and animal species, such as the rare "wild trout," found within the clavey canyon and presumably further endangered by the project.48 the other side for their part constantly tried to refute this justification, either by denying the danger to these species or proposing to mitigate for any potential harm (but never explicitly by denying the importance of protecting endangered species)."
0	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation."
0	"when used by environmentalists, however, these arguments generally mean "untouched by development" rather than untouched by man at all."
0	"the forest service rated the river partly on its value as an undisturbed habitat."
