category	text
1	"an exotic payload crafted: "
1	"this package provides routines to construct graphs on videos, segment them, build trees out of them, and convert them back to videos. "
1	"** clearly see how your habits improved over "
1	"** create an individual reminder for each habit, at a chosen hour "
1	"unit of work and continuity. "
1	"rpcs are often used for performance reasons with internal communications, as you can hand-craft native calls to better fit your use cases. "
1	"gitfiti _noun_ : Carefully crafted graffiti in a github commit history calendar. "
1	"origin=Developer ID Application: The Tor Project, Inc (MADPSAYN6T) "
1	"The warning about the key not being certified is benign, as it has not yet been manually assigned trust. "
1	"however, if not, it is possible (easy in fact) to craft them manually, though it "
1	"- easily craft meterpreter reverse_tcp payloads for windows, linux, android and mac and another "
1	"i realized early on that i need to adopt a lifestyle that not just reduces carbs, or add exercise, but is also sustainable and even enjoyable so it can turn into a painless routine. "
1	"* is **stable**, **efficient** and designed to respect android philosophy "
1	"- the idea is to guess the regex and craft the next payloads which doesn\'t use the blacklisted keywords. "
1	"(of course, if this repository has been compromised you can\'t trust these instructions. "
1	"where do the trust stores come from? "
1	"loop is a mobile app that helps you create and maintain good habits, "
1	"It aims to cover both traditional and core NLP tasks such as dependency parsing and part-of-speech tagging "
1	"think of it as an easy way to get your scripts up on the web for routine data analysis, file processing, or anything else. "
1	"ideally, you should make it a habit to not pick up the mouse to perform most of your actions and slowly migrate towards a mouseless-workflow. "
1	"the way pgp works is that you trust key ids instead of jid\'s or email addresses. "
1	"you trust your users and want to avoid the extra verification step. "
1	"the trust stores (mozilla, microsoft, etc.) "
1	"All Web Browsers retain certain information about our browsing habits. "
1	"  repetition makes your habit stronger, and every missed day makes it weaker. "
1	"at the time i had no idea what i was doing, but for better or worse, i made a habit of not copying classes, but writing the code out myself. "
1	"  advanced algorithm for calculating the strength of your habits. "
1	" * we kindly ask you to use common sense and don\'t profit entirely off the work of others. "
1	"the trust stores can be updated to the latest version, using either the cli: "
1	"  you can also craft a packet object from scratch. "
1	"justifications based on tradition and locality [   domestic    worth]  "
1	"another distinct category of arguments relies on justifications where traditions are valued and are constantly being revisited in making judgments about the present, and where locality and ties to a place are revered. "
1	"evaluations of this type support hierarchies of reputation and trustworthiness. "
1	"these justifications relate to what boltanski and thevenot (1991) term the domestic order of worth in which the claim of a general value is warranted by personal tie or local attachment, so that personal character or proximity are considered the source or building blocks of universal goods. "
1	"in the french case, arguments of this sort are found in the call by project opponents to protect the region’s treasured culture and heritage (patrimoine in french), of which the valley’s landscape is a significant part. "
1	"in the american case there are many similar arguments pointing to the preservation of a place close to one’s home and hearth, and references to the region’s heritage. "
1	"but these arguments are oriented less around the idea of heritage and patrimony in the united states and more in terms of the protection of one’s backyard. "
1	"justifications based on tradition and locality are utilized extensively by opponents of the somport project in france, and there are a variety of rich testimonials from the inhabitants of the aspe valley on the need to preserve a patrimony and way of life cherished by many and upheld in various ways by existing traditions of the region. "
1	"many of the arguments in the somport case, in both camps, refer to the harmonious existence of living on the land: what was really significant for me was this land; i did not want to betray this land. "
1	"close connections between people and their land, from villagers who reside in the small valley communities to the shepherds who make their living traveling to remote and rugged mountain pastures, through fishermen and hunters. "
1	"the domestic world was extracted from a commentary of bossuet\'s work, la politique tiree des propres paroles de l\'ecriture sainte. "
1	"in a domestic world, people\'s worth depends on a hierarchy of trust based on a chain of personal dependencies. "
1	"the political link between beings is seen as a generalization of kinship and is based on face-to-face relationships and on the respect for tradition. "
1	"the person, cannot, in this world, be separated from his/her belonging to a body, a family, a lineage, an estate. "
1	"in bossuet\'s political construction, the king, who is the greatest being, is comparable with a father, who sacrifices himself for his subjects. "
1	"in this model one must, to evaluate someone\'s worth, know his place in the network of dependencies from which this person draws his own authority. "
1	"in order to describe the objects of the domestic world of the present, we used a practical guide teaching good manners and human relations within the company, intended for socially mobile workers who had been promoted to more responsible positions (entitled savoir vivre et promotion). "
1	"in this book, important and worthy persons are chiefs, bosses, or even relatives. "
1	"their main qualities are to be distinguished, straightforward, faithful and to have character. "
1	"the typical objects are, for instance, visiting cards, gifts, estates, houses, titles. "
1	"among the relevant ways to make relationships we note the act of recommending somebody, giving birth, breeding, reproducing or presenting an invitation. "
1	"engenderment\naccording to tradition\n(higher common principle)\ngeneration,\nhierarchy, tradition. "
1	"\nhierarchical superiority (state of worthiness)\nbenevolent, well brought up, wise,\ndistinguished,\ndiscreet, reserved,\ntrustworthy, honest,\nfaithful. "
1	"\nthe poise of habit (dignity} good sense,\nhabits, naturalness,\ncharacter. "
1	"\nsuperiors and inferiors\n(subjects) more worthy beings: father,\nking, ancestors,\nparents, family,\ngruwnups, leader,\nboss. "
1	"less worthy beings: i, unmarried person, foreigner, woman, child, pet. "
1	"\nothers: vtsitor, surroundings (members of), neighbors, third party. "
1	"\nthe rules of etiquette (objects) good manners, proper behavior, rank, title,\ndwelling,\nintroduction,\nsignature,\nannouncements, gifts,\nflowers. "
1	"\nthe rejection of selfishness\n(investment}\nconsideration, duty (and debt), harmony. "
1	"\nrespect and responsibility\n(relation of worth)\nauthority, subordination,\nrespectability, honor,\nshame. "
1	"\n(relationships}\nreproduce, give birth,\ntrain, invite, give,\nreceive, return,\nrecummmd, thank,\nrespect. "
1	"\nhousehold, family,\nmilieu, principles,\ncustoms, conventions. "
1	"\nfamily ceremonies\n(test) celebration,\nbirth, death,\nmarriage, social\nevents, conversation,\ndistinction,\nnomination. "
1	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today. "
1	"when this world unfolds, the search for what is just stresses personal relationships. "
1	"the worth that, in the domestic world is a function of the position one occupies m chains of personal dependence can only be grasped in a relational sense: worthier than ... , less worthy than... for the same reasons, the exercise of worth is subject here to constraints of place and time linked to the need to present oneself in person in the presence of others, in order to manifest one\'s own importance. "
1	"this need underlies the interest taken in everything having to do with the body, its clothing and its presentation. "
1	"arrangements of a domestic nature are weakly equipped with instruments for acting from a distance; such instruments are particularly well developed, in contrast, in the civic world, which lays emphasis on the objectivity of rules detached from persons and on mechanisms of representation. "
1	"in the domestic world, objects are not apprehended according to their own worth, as is the case in the industrial world, but essentially according to how much they contribute to establishing hierarchical relations among people (we find examples in objects used in the context of social encounters) and also, according to the degree to which they facilitate the inscription. "
1	"of the worth and thus the identification of personal counters. "
1	"in the domestic world, where beings are immediately qualified according to their worth, in such a way that their manifestation necessarily entails a determination of their position in a hierarchy, the inscription of signs of worth in the form of titles, heraldry, clothing, marks on the body, and so on, is sought in order to limit the uncertainty of situations involving personal encounters and to reduce the costs of identification. "
1	"but the importance that the processes of inscription take on tends to attach worth to persons. "
1	"the case of irrevocable titles and especially hereditary titles is exemplary: such titles render critiques powerless, because in most instances they cannot reach their intended goal, namely, the institution of a new test. "
1	"tests thus often take the form of confirmations; this is apparent in the archaic expressions of the domestic world offered by fairy tales, which are saturated with anecdotes in which a worthy person, disguised as someone of lesser worth, is subjected to a test that reveals his own inherent worthiness (for example, "the princess and the pea"). "
1	"it is through reference to generation, tradition, and hierarchy that order can be established among beings of a domestic nature. "
1	"these three terms themselves are in a relation of equivalence, because the bond of personal dependence that connects a less worthy person with a superior-always constructed in the image of the father, whose state of worth is highest because he is the incarnation of the tradition-can be conceived in more than one way: since the worthiest person is found at the point of origin, the bond can be read as a link either in the chain of generations or in a hierarchical chain. "
1	"in domestic worth, beings in a state of worthiness achieve superiority in each of the three components: as part of a hierarchy, they are worthy owing to the relation that connects them to worthier beings by whom they are appreciated and valued, beings who have attached them to their persons. "
1	"it is in this way that they are distinguished; the quality of distinction does not presuppose here, as it does in the world of fame, a competition of all against all in a marketplace of esteem, but rather the exclusive judgment of a superior or leader and the elective choice that makes someone stand out from the ranks. "
1	"beings are also worthy because they are rooted in tradition, that is, they are proper (as opposed, for example, to legal in the civic world or to exact in industrial arrangements). "
1	"they exist in continuity (a property of the unworthy in the inspired world), and they possess all the qualities that manifest permanence, such as firmness, loyalty, punctuality. "
1	"these virtues are manifested in behavior that varies depending, on the one hand, on whether the relationship with intimates or with outsiders is emphasized and, on the other hand, whether the relationship with superiors or with inferiors is emphasized. "
1	"attentive to intimates (for example, a spouse), to whom one owes thoughtfulness, attention, and propriety, the worthy person is cordial with visitors: "the reputation of households is often made by visitors; thus one always benefits from being very cordial toward them, whether they are important or not". "
1	"when they face superiors, beings worthy of esteem are deferential, which "does not however imply obsequiousness, opportunism, or flattery". "
1	"in this context, they are honest, presenting "their viewpoint with frankness" but without offering "systematic opposition," and they maintain relations of trust. "
1	"this attitude "will tend to create a climate of understanding" based on discretion and reserve: "the best way to appear well brought up". "
1	"nevertheless, less worthy persons "avoid familiarity with their hierarchical superior, even if they know him personally, especially in front of third parties. "
1	"trust in others, superiors are informed and wise. "
1	"in the domestic world, where worth presupposes personal loyalty to a worthy being and membership in the closed universe of a household, objects are all the more private in character (letters, for example) to the extent that they are associated with the more worthy beings, and discretion consists in "refusing to listen to gossip and especially in refusing to pass it along". "
1	"in relation to the less worthy beings for whom he is responsible, the superior has the duty to share with them, according to their rank\'. "
1	"the qualities that constitute his own worth. "
1	"if the superior is benevolent and helpful with everyone, "everybody will be grateful to him". "
1	"true worth in fact presupposes simplicity (acting "in all simplicity"), delicacy (of feelings), and thoughtfulness: "nothing is more despicable than the person who, moving up to a higher station, behaves disagree ably with his subordinates on the pretext that he is now the boss. "
1	"this is where upbringing shows its full value ... "
1	"thus it is absolutely useless to be distant, bossy, humiliating. "
1	"even if niceness can sometimes look like weakness, it always ends up being recognized as a form of upbringing and is accordingly all the more appreciated". "
1	"upbringing, which produces "the well-brought-up person" in whom reserve is combined with poise, is in the end precisely what associates the worthy state with generation, a relation that is established here (as is often the case when an utterance reveals what lies at the heart of the natural order) in the mode of what we shall designate further on by the term "desecration": "those who hold or who believe they hold the secrets of a good upbringing claim that it takes at least three generations to produce a wellbrought-up man". "
1	"the worthy act naturally because they are moved by habits. "
1	"this arrangement, locked into the body, ensures the stability of behavior without requiring obedience to instruction, as industrial routines do. "
1	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior. "
1	""only habit gives poise," because it makes good manners natural ("natural courtesy"). "
1	"these attitudes are also natural when they are based on good sense ("principles based on good sense") or on predispositions ("get a favorable predisposition right away"), as they often turn out to be naturally in harmony with the way the world is evolving. "
1	"the term "natural\' ("drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door") also designates, finally, the character that is revealed in one\'s behavior toward other people and "reflected" in one\'s personal presentation and bearing. "
1	"in this world, bearing is inherent in persons because it manifests character, which is habit made human ("personal bearing reflects the individual"). "
1	"in a domestic world, beings are immediately qualified by their relationships with others. "
1	"when beings belong to the same household, the relationship is one of order. "
1	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise. "
1	"when the principle of subordination is engenderment and when the relation to others is established by means of reproduction, the more worthy beings precede and the less worthy follow in the generational chain: thus forebears and ancestors- grandfather and grandmother, father-in-law and mother-in-law, uncles and aunts, parents- are more worthy; children, or girls, are less worthy. "
1	"but the principle of engenderment is not irrupted to procreation, and within a given household the more worthy beings are the primary causes of the less worthy ones, apart from blood ties: thus the husband (more _worthy) makes a woman his wife (less worthy) by marriage; the master or the mistress of the household contains, and is, the beings included therein: unmarried persons, children, servants, household pets. "
1	"in a domestic world, in which beings can be qualified according to an extensive range of different states of worthiness, the less worthy are always present and designated as such because they are the very substance with which the worth of the more worthy that include them is constructed. "
1	"thus persons who possess dignity in subordination, however unworthy they may be, are only truly deficient when they find themselves detached from the units that included them, either by distancing (foreigner, outsider) or owing to their own selfishness. "
1	"the father is principle of cohesion in the family, the one who establishes the link to an origin; like the boss, or, earlier, the king, the father is the one who lifts beings up by means of the dependence in which he holds them and who thus gives them access to all the worth they are capable of achieving according to the level they occupy. "
1	"since beings are always defined by a relation of subordination. "
1	"similarly, less worthy beings are equivalent and no particular feature of childhood distinguishes small children from the other subordinate beings (unmarried persons, servants, and so on) for whom the more worthy beings are responsible. "
1	"finally, when beings are not directly qualified by belonging to a hierarchical unit (household, guild, and so on), the relation that defines them does not specify their worth, which depends on that of a person with whom they have a relationship: a friend, a confidant, an intimate, a guest, an acquaintance, and so on, may be more or less worthy according to the worth of the other term, and association with a worthy person, which raises one\'s status, is opposed to undesirable associations, which lower it. "
1	"in the domestic world, objects are primarily determined by the way they support and maintain hierarchical relationships among persons. "
1	"thus "small gifts nourish friendship" and foster bonding because they call for something in return: "thanks are owed for everything received: flowers, gifts, candy, books, and so on," and- "a sacrosanct principle--every letter requires a reply". "
1	""new years greetings" create "a family tie and habits of courtesy that characterize well-brought-up children". "
1	"the same thing holds true, in life\'s peak moments, for congratulations, condolences, good wishes, and also recommendations, which provide opportunities to exchange marks of trust from person to person "
1	"similarly, the "rules of etiquette," like the rules of correct behavior or good manners, which are the trappings of worth in the domestic world, link and separate by opening and closing doors: "the good manners cherished by our ancestors used to open many doors". "
1	"conversely, "a failure to observe the rules of good behavior can close doors, and the slightest blunder may have consequences at the level of the situation (a term that here designates a professional state precisely in that it depends on the position occupied in chains of personal dependence and on the javor of superiors). "
1	"the objects that circulate, flowers or gifts, right down to the "smallest courtesy toward others," indicate, by their direction, the relative worth of the persons among whom they are exchanged. "
1	"thus, in introductions, "one always introduces the other person to the one to whom the greatest respect is owed," so that, "in practice, the least important person is named first". "
1	"similarly, polite formulas vary depending on whether they are addressed "to subordinates," "to more or less everyone to whom one has no particular obligation," "to acquaintances with whom one is on equal footing, to persons with whom one is in a relation of equality with a nuance of respect, to a hierarchical superior, to a client, to an older person, to an important person, to a lady, to acquaintances with whom one\'s relation is friendly, or to intimates," that is, in function of the respective position of the persons involved according to hierarchy, sex, age, or degree of intimacy. "
1	"a handshake is also an instrument of worth, a tool devised from the body itself; depending on the order of gesture, a handshake may raise or lower a person\'s standing:\n"it is up to him (the leader), not you, to offer his hand first". "
1	"objects and arrangements are thus the means by which beings recognize one another\'s worth, just as they know their own; this is the way they know and deploy the relative worth of the persons involved and also the way they make themselves known. "
1	"the ordering of ranks and stations ("rise above one\'s station") makes it possible to find one\'s place in hierarchies and to allocate deference and respect in such a way as to "be correct in all circumstances": "in principle, if there is a hierarchy, there are ranks and, normally, there are reasons for which the leader 1s superior to you; consequently, he is owed a certain deference. "
1	""arrangements indicate the identity of persons and announce them: "it is preferable to arrive early and to announce oneself". "
1	"visiting cards ("on white card stock in the classic shape and design"), letterheads on which "one\'s title is included," signatures, which put an end to anonymity ("the rather disagreeable anonymous aspect of illegible signatures"), handwritten letters, which identify because they bear the mark of a unique handwriting (as opposed to typewritten letters, of an industrial nature, which are not suitable for "personal correspondence"), the announcements by means of which one "informs of the birth of a child" are all "ways of introducing oneself    that make it unnecessary for the interlocutor to ask who you are "such a question is displeasing, because it includes a reproach to the interlocutor for failing to inform of something that should be known. "
1	"these identifying arrangements reveal persons by linking them to a household, a family, a milieu, a society (in the sense of "a respectable social group"). "
1	"indeed, "personal introduction reflect an individual\'s temperament and character" in the same way that one\'s place of "residence" (in the literal sense of dwelling as the materialization in accouterments of the worth of a household and a family) "is in the image of its occupants". "
1	"in the domestic world, the more worthy beings have duties ("even more than rights") with respect to those in their entourage, and especially with respect to those whom they include and for whom they are consequently responsible. "
1	"these duties call for "the rejection of all selfishness": "discomfort is produced in social life when one approaches it only in terms of oneself and not in terms of others". "
1	"one\'s duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak. "
1	"carrying out these duties is what makes "life in common" pleasant, what "makes life enjoyable," what allows individual relation to be harmonious. "
1	"in the domestic world, in fact, the more worthy include the less worthy as if they had created them. "
1	"the former have precedence over the latter in the order of generation, and by the same token also in hierarchies. "
1	"this primacy is a source of authority. "
1	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents". "
1	"the more worthy constitute the very being of the less worthy: hierarchical superiors supply the worth of inferiors and define their identity. "
1	"leaders are thus the honor of subordinates. "
1	"conversely, the less worthy, who share by way of personal dependence in the worth of those to whom they are subordinated, are part of the more worthy who include them and who bear responsibility for them. "
1	"the two groups are not separate from one another, but rather of the same flesh. "
1	"this mode of understanding beings is expressed in pride, respect, and shame. "
1	"the less worthy are proud of the more worthy who complete them, and subordinates have respect for superiors who have consideration for them. "
1	"similarly, the more worthy are proud of the less worthy who are parts of themselves: "never let a child leave the house without checking quickly to make sure that everything is in order and that one can be proud of him". "
1	"each understands the others in terms of the respectability conferred on him by the degree of subordination in which he finds himself. "
1	"thus, for example, one must never "do an end run around a subordinate by giving an order to staff working under that person". "
1	"but those who are really respectable know, on the other hand, how to earn respect. "
1	"thus parents whose children treat them. "
1	"disrespectfully are at fault: inferiors indeed have the ability to lower the standing of their superiors. "
1	"they can do this by taming their superiors\' honor; this presupposes a compromise with the world of public opinion: "what can be said of the wife who, through her own fault, compromises her husband\'s honor or reputation?" "
1	"but inferiors can also squander their inheritance (which involves a market worth). "
1	"access to superiority comes by way of a good upbringing. "
1	"in a domestic world, in which beings have to ensure the permanence and the continuity of a tradition, relations concern upbringing first and foremost. "
1	"indeed, "your own upbringing will be judged by that of your children". "
1	"it is through upbringing that naturalness is transmitted. "
1	"to have good bearing and to behave correctly and naturally, one must have been well brought up: "drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door. "
1	"... one must do everything one can to make sure that naturalness results from a good upbringing". "
1	"a well-ordered world is thus first of all a world in which the children have been well brought up, and are trained in good manners. "
1	"it is the parents\' duty to educate proper etiquette and behavior in their children in a continuous, lasting, and thoroughgoing way, so that the children in turn will become well-brought-up adults: "to be well brought up is to know how to conduct oneself correctly in all circumstances. "
1	"to be we// brought up is to know how to behave with poise, without shocking, irritating, or annoying others. "
1	"indeed, good bearing is above all a habit". "
1	"and this training in habit, a "second nature" that creates the natural faculty of poise (as opposed to the deliberateness and awkward artificiality of effort), is formed through imitation and example: "the climate in which children are immersed from their earliest years. "
1	"in a hierarchical order, judgment belongs to the most worthy person, who must thus not be kept in the dark about anything so that she can issue an informed ruling: "don\'t let [the leader] remain unaware of the problems about which she should normally be informed .... "
1	"ask for a meeting with her while respecting the ground rules (company policies, hierarchical order)". "
1	"the forms of evidence that support judgment belong to the category of examples, cases, especially anecdotes in which exemplary behavior on the part of appreciated persons is identified and offered as a model. "
1	"the order of the world can be grasped in its full generality through the unfolding of uniqueness. "
1	"in the domestic world, the forms in which nature is inventoried are collections of narratives, curious and instructive stories, allegories, and also collections of personal objects and relics, objects worth keeping because they have been used by a worthy being. "
1	"thus in this world the forms of the general are identical to the forms of the particular in the industrial or civic worlds. "
1	"it is indeed via the more worthy that persons find themselves diminished, since, better placed in the chain that binds them to their origins, they intervene by rendering superfluous the beings that they include and of which they are the accomplishment. "
1	"but they are also, and for the same reasons, the unique source from which dignity and worth may be drawn, since it is only in contact with them that participation in what constitutes superiority can be achieved. "
1	"indiscretion, a passionate attraction to what is hidden, is thus always directed, in a domestic world, from the less worthy toward the more worthy. "
1	"with tireless attention it targets the unworthy behaviors of the worthy (for example, the bad company they may keep). "
1	"but malicious gossip, transmitted in person-to-person chitchat, from mouth to mouth, only diminishes the unworthy who lend themselves to it and who, by circulating rumors, which the worthy refuse to do, betray their superiors: "if you are not in agreement with your superior and_ if he maintains his position, do not criticize him outside [1.e., to others] .... "
1	"this would be to betray his trust". "
1	"betrayal is an extreme case of deficiency, because it disaggregates and takes apart: it finishes the job of setting apart and detaching the person who, by making his independence known on the outside, undermines the unity of the house and thus makes it vulnerable. "
1	"the person who commits an act of betrayal is thereby excluding himself and reducing himself to a nonentity. "
1	"\nknowing how to bestow trust\n(judgment)\nappreciate,\ncongratulate,\ncompliment,\ncriticize,\nreport. "
1	"\nthe exemplary anecdote (evidence)\n&ample (give as an), prejudice. "
1	"\nlack of inhibition (the fall)\nimpolite,\nblunders,\nloudmouth,\ngossip,\ntroublemaker,\nindiscreet,\ndisorderly,\nvulgar, envious,\nflatterer,\ntraitor' "
0	"Secondly, we will do max pooling for the output of convolutional operation."
0	"this instrumental construction of action, implying a spatial and temporal detour by way of objects that serve as relays, is thus envisaged here as a specific feature of the industrial world and not as a property that would be of a higher order of generality characterizing the actions of human beings endowed with reason."
0	"availability, improved performance, scalability, and fault tolerance."
0	"also, when running the tests, make sure that the cuda profiling tools interface (cupti) can be found, e.g."
0	"denormalization attempts to improve read performance at the expense of some write performance."
0	"In this project, two benchmarks are exploited for evaluation."
0	"You don\'t have to be a machine learning expert to add recommendations, object detection, image classification, image similarity or activity classification to your app."
0	"   productivity, and the scalability and robustness of hive queries."
0	"objects of an industrial nature contribute to shaping a space in which effects are transported by means of mechanisms."
0	"And, finally, there is no reliable tool to properly resolve dependencies in Python, so I started `poetry`"
0	"this functionality is expressed in an organization, and it implies both a synchronic articulation with other beings and a temporal articulation."
0	"efficiency is in fact inscribed in a regular bond between cause and effect."
0	"we also apply the proposed framework to domain adaptation and achieve state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets."
0	"it first use one layer mlp to get uit hidden representation of the sentence, then measure the importance of the word as the similarity of uit with a word level context vector uw and get a normalized importance through a softmax function."
0	"once you\'ve got a phone number, a common task is to format it in a standardized format."
0	"the paho project has been created to provide reliable open-source implementations of open and standard messaging protocols aimed at new, existing, and emerging applications for machine-to-machine (m2m) and internet of things (iot)."
0	"Zappa does not intend to conform to PEP8, isolate your commits so that changes to functionality with changes made by your linter."
0	"to obtain the test set result using the best chosen hyperparameter from cv, run the following:"
0	"nowadays, centralized cloud providers are in control of these services, these platforms are constrained by closed networks, proprietary payment systems, and hard-coded provisioning operations."
0	"maintain them and have no plan to support them in the foreseeable future."
0	" * test a code to see if it is a valid sequence"
0	"it has been proven quite reliable on a great number of them."
0	"to package up a new jar file without running the tests:"
0	"*a fast and reliable distributed task processing library for python 3."
0	"  * readability of test cases is greatly improved, compared to standard instrumentation tests."
0	"set up a database to benchmark."
0	""[engineering the next generation of cloud"
0	"      record performances, and things you done that works, and things that are not."
0	"we propose an alternative to clipping weights: penalize the norm of gradient of the critic with respect to its input."
0	"for more control over the remote download domain and local download directory, see how to use [`magnitudeutils.download_model`](#utils)."
0	"* top statistics on home page with configurable duration and measurement metric."
0	"### running the integration tests using bats"
0	"as a result, they fail to generate diverse outputs from a given source domain image."
0	"the output is consistent with the output of ```basesvc.decision_function``` when the `decision_function_shape` is set to `ovo`."
0	"please note that my explanations of the effects may not in fact be accurate or deeply scientific."
0	"they make it possible to establish laws on the basis of frequencies, and to reduce the role of chance by exhibiting probable relations on the basis of averages."
0	"also, we study the quantitative and visual performance of wgan-div on standard image synthesis benchmarks, showing the superior performance of wgan-div compared to the state-of-the-art methods."
0	"this specialization has in turn made it critical to have a reliable and scalable data pipeline that can capture these changes happening for primary source-of-truth systems and route them through the rest of the "
0	"the perplexity on the test sets of penn treebank corpora."
0	"delivering applications to users, also for (interactive) scientific"
0	"everything is organized in a fashion that is cohesive to the penetration testing execution standard (ptes) and eliminates a lot of things that are hardly used."
0	"robotium makes it easy to write powerful and robust automatic black-box ui tests for android applications."
0	"the output is consistent with the output of ```basesvc.decision_function``` when the `decision_function_shape` is set to `ovo`."
0	"hive provides standard sql functionality, including many of the later"
0	"developers now have greater control over how their applications are deployed across clusters of resources, run and scale in production, and can take advantage of powerful placement capabilities of amazon ecs."
0	"### running automated tests"
0	"works on the history or the sociology of science and technology bring out the heterogeneity of the resources and actions involved in the processes of innovation, and they are even joined today, on this point, by economic approaches to technological change."
0	"* `benchmark`: quickly iterate through the resolutions to measure the raw training performance."
0	"* **full control** over queries, transaction and object mapping"
0	"they make it possible to establish laws on the basis of frequencies, and to reduce the role of chance by exhibiting probable relations on the basis of averages."
0	"<h4 align="center">open source application designed to load test applications and measure performance."
0	"the temporal equivalence instituted by industrial worth is particularly visible in objects apprehended according to their aptitude for managing the future, such as flow charts, plans, and budgets: "by making adjustments to the planning calendar, we are integrating the project into the plan, the working and investment budgets.""
0	"at present, uetool provides functionality as follows:"
0	"- focus was on improving language compatibility to the point that we can start running "real code" in the form of existing benchmarks."
0	"  to select the cpus to measure."
0	"* role-based access control."
0	"from space to class, the code breaks a path."
0	"Evaluate your performance in one line:"
0	"the application is still reliable."
0	"in fact, the temporal extension of the criterion of optimization in economic theory, which passes through an optimization of expectation of the anticipated utility, confronts difficulties that result from the introduction of irreversibilities inherent in the investment decision. the harmony of the industrial order is expressed in the organization of a system, a structure in which each being has its function, in short, a "technically predictable universe": "no blatant contingent malfunctions are visible; all the cogwheels of the organization work together without a hitch.""
0	"mindsdb\'s goal is to give developers easy access to the power of artificial neural networks for their projects.[!"
0	"new causes, new factors capable of giving rise to effects, are thus identifiable during tests.\nin the industrial world, the distinctive dignity of humanity is threatened by the treatment of people as things."
0	"* functional updates will be reflected in the 3rd number of the version, for example, the next version of 0.1.0 will be 0.1.1."
0	"the main reason for this is source control and collaboration: when looking at the changes of a commit, it is much easier to identify what sentence was changed if they are each on their separate line."
0	"also, when running the tests, make sure that the cuda profiling tools interface (cupti) can be found, e.g."
0	"golem is a decentralized marketplace for computing power."
0	" * test a code to see if it is a valid sequence"
0	"you should understand this context in order to manage the system performance efficiently."
0	"tomorrow is what counts: the "machines of tomorrow," the "worker of tomorrow," "the organization of tomorrow.""
0	"participants of the competition can use the provided matlab script to measure the accuracy of their detections before submitting their results."
0	"the lndustrial world"
0	"Training progress will be displayed in the console, but TensorBoard can also be used."
0	"  the pulltorefreshlistview replaces a standard listview widget."
0	"this functioning may lead to a reordering of the hierarchy of functions: "the qualification of the tasks evolves in the opposite direction from the hierarchy of the original functions."
0	"vert.x supports native transport on bsd and linux, to run the tests with native transport"
0	"to run all the jax tests, we recommend using `pytest-xdist`, which can run tests in"
0	"## help support spyder, the community-developed scientific ide!"
0	"also, when running the tests, make sure that the cuda profiling tools interface (cupti) can be found, e.g."
0	"Many scientific algorithms can be expressed in terms of large matrix"
0	"the principal mode of relation in this world is the association that makes it possible to turn a multitude of individuals into a single person."
0	"the legal text (evidence) law (the), rules (legal), statutes."
0	"persons are all subject to the same justice because everyone possesses a conscience that is fashioned in the image of the collective conscience and because everyone is capable, by listening to the voice of this conscience, of subordinating his or her own will to the general will."
0	"in contrast, it is more common in france for equality and solidarity justifications to be connected with justifications concerning infrastructure planning and technical efficiency."
0	"it is thus necessary to "control the elected officials"."
0	"the person who becomes a member gains in stature because he breaks out of his isolation."
0	"the law, for example, confers a "legal character on the representatives of the personnel"."
0	"relation of delegation (rei.at/on of worth)\nmembership, representation, delegation, oppression (of aspirations)."
0	"they harbor in themselves an aspiration that inclines them toward what is common, toward what unites them and incites them to break down their isolation."
0	"before using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted."
0	"if these "fundamental principles" are forgotten, the collective being breaks down and is diluted, becoming no more than a sum of individuals moved by their individual interests: "when interventions (in meetings) are numerous, and contradictory, the final decision can only remain with the delegate or delegates."
0	"the form taken by evidence is the law in which the expression of the general will is inscribed."
0	"rule governed and representative\n unitary, legal, rule governed, official, representative, authorized, confirmed, free."
0	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way."
0	"we intend the issues page to be a forum in which the community collectively troubleshoots problems."
0	"- [and here you can find lots of sophisticated **quickstart** templates shared by the community!"
0	"to be a representative gives authority within an organization, and confers the capacity to exercise a power."
0	"the preeminence of collectives (higher common principle) \ncollective, all, will (general)."
0	"in the civic polity, as in the domestic polity according to bossuet, civil peace depends on the authority of a sovereign whose position, above the selfish lusts of individuals, secures the common good."
0	"collective beings themselves are included within other, larger collectives, embedded in sets of which the most inclusive is humanity itself."
0	"thx to all rs users for your warm support, it\'s been a pleasure to ofer this library to the community."
0	"we feel that a welcoming open community is important and welcome contributions."
0	"justifications based on civic equality or solidarity refer to the collective welfare as the standard of evaluation, and propose or oppose projects based on such goals as equal access and protection of civil rights."
0	"this name shows the connection often made in the united states between civic equality concerns and market concerns, which were seen as more effective and generally resonant than strictly environmental arguments (or environmental-sounding group names)."
0	"The overwhelming support by the community gave it the shape it is in right now."
0	"various independently maintained, os specific packages have been made available by the community:"
0	"# developer community\r"
0	"Chrome has the largest share of global usage and is the preferred target platform for the majority of developers."
0	"## community and support"
0	"there are comparative differences also, relating generally to the fact that in the united states the emphasis is more on equal rights, while in france the emphasis is on solidarity against inequality (but not as much on civil rights)."
0	"the opposition to the somport project also organized many demonstrations and used the high level of participation in their demonstrations and their unitary slogans as proof for their arguments against the project."
0	"be sure that you understand and are complying with the csploit licenses and laws in your area."
0	"* [extensive documentation][docs], and [great community support][group]."
0	"this detachment is what guarantees the candidates\' independence and \'\'freedom of speech": one must "respect ... the independence of judgment that is necessary in such circumstances"; and a "lack of independence with respect to management suffices in itself for a labor union to be declared nonrepresentative" freedom is the condition of dignity, because it respects the aspiration of citizens to unity."
0	"the law, for example, confers a "legal character on the representatives of the personnel"."
0	"the aspiration to civil rights (dignity} civil rights, political aspirations, participation."
0	"persons are all subject to the same justice because everyone possesses a conscience that is fashioned in the image of the collective conscience and because everyone is capable, by listening to the voice of this conscience, of subordinating his or her own will to the general will."
0	"democracy is the most appropriate political form for the manifestation of the general will that constitutes the model test for the civic world."
0	"legal forms (objects), rights, legislation, decree, order, measure, courts, formality, procedure, transcript, infringement, capacity (electoral), code, criterion, district, slate (of candidates), program, policy, statement, poster, brochure, ballot, tract, slogan, seat, headquarters, local office, acronym, card."
0	"the relevant objects are either immaterial as, for example, rules, codes, procedures, or material, as union premises or ballot boxes."
0	"that is why the union chapter has to play its full role under the circumstances, by proposing initiatives."
0	"Kivy is MIT licensed, actively developed by a great community and is supported"
0	"yet this fact is challenged from the standpoint of the other worlds, which deny the reality of collective persons and accredit only the diversity of the individual persons of which they are composed."
0	"in this world, important persons are, therefore, federations, public communities, representatives or delegates."
0	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r'"
0	"in the civic world, persons are small if seen as particulars, following the dictates of a selfish will, and, in contrast, relevant and worthy if seen as members of the disembodied sovereign, exclusively concerned with the general interest."
0	"in order to make "concrete ... the presence and the active role" of collective persons, material means are used that allow their presence to be brought out in a form accessible to the senses."
0	"since i intended this to be a community project, the goals are aligned, keeping that fact in mind."
0	"beings, when they are not strongly held together by bonds of solidarity, go astray and allow themselves to be led into deviations."
0	"\nthe civic world\nthe distinctive feature of the civic world is that it attaches primordial importance to beings that are not persons."
0	"Additionally, you can modify SAM to integrate it with other frameworks and deployment providers from the community for building serverless applications."
0	"a delegate may, for example, be authorized, "invested with specific functions" that are codified in texts (such as collective conventions), that define his status, acts relating to his competence and the incompatibilities that concern him: "the mandate of delegate is incompatible with the mandate of administrator"."
0	"the "labor movement," which ensures "the unity of workers," can thus be qualified by its "liberating mission"."
0	"if you have any questions or comments about voltdb, we encourage you to reach out to the voltdb team and community."
0	"thus the brochure we are using here as our reference states in its introduction that it "has to be a basic tool for the militants who participate in the life of a chapter"."
0	"### community projects"
0	"* [community guidelines](code_of_conduct.md)"
0	"the relevant objects are either immaterial as, for example, rules, codes, procedures, or material, as union premises or ballot boxes."
0	"Additionally, you can modify SAM to integrate it with other frameworks and deployment providers from the community for building serverless applications."
0	"if these "fundamental principles" are forgotten, the collective being breaks down and is diluted, becoming no more than a sum of individuals moved by their individual interests: "when interventions (in meetings) are numerous, and contradictory, the final decision can only remain with the delegate or delegates."
0	"the worth of persons depends on the state they are in: as particular persons, they are unworthy because they are reduced to being merely themselves, "isolated individuals," slaves of their own particular interests and condemned to powerlessness; they become worthy when they accede to the general state and make themselves the expression of a general will and the embodiment of a general interest."
0	"the collective will from which they derive-and the more general it is, the more worthy it is- must be provided with its own instruments in order to express itself."
0	"civic worth depends first and foremost on membership."
0	"\nthe civic world\nthe distinctive feature of the civic world is that it attaches primordial importance to beings that are not persons."
0	"in this world, important persons are, therefore, federations, public communities, representatives or delegates."
0	"if these "fundamental principles" are forgotten, the collective being breaks down and is diluted, becoming no more than a sum of individuals moved by their individual interests: "when interventions (in meetings) are numerous, and contradictory, the final decision can only remain with the delegate or delegates."
0	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way."
0	"community announcements."
0	"probably no work presents a better account of what a civic world, at least in its french version, must be, than rousseau's contrat social."
0	"this attempt to generalize the cause is couched in civic language of solidarity between struggles during meetings where spokespersons provide testimonies of comparable experiences."
0	"there are comparative differences also, relating generally to the fact that in the united states the emphasis is more on equal rights, while in france the emphasis is on solidarity against inequality (but not as much on civil rights)."
0	"the peculiarity of the civic world is to lay stress on beings who are not individual beings but collective ones."
0	"thus "only labor unions ... are qualified to negotiate with management"."
0	"ant financial joins fescar, which make it to be a more neutral and open community for distributed transaction\xef\xbc\x8cand fescar be rename to seata."
0	"## help support spyder, the community-developed scientific ide!"
0	"this is what confers on them the quality of citizens invested with civil rights: "the salaried employees of the company are presumed to enjoy their civil rights"."
0	"the debezium community welcomes anyone that wants to help out in any way, whether that includes reporting problems, helping with documentation, or contributing code changes to fix bugs, add tests, or implement new features."
0	"thus the domestic bonds of corporatism are constantly denounced because they divide workers: "corporatist demands that only contribute to dividing the workers still further into different categories"."
0	""broad-based membership on the part of the workers" is what constitutes their worth."
0	"the law, for example, confers a "legal character on the representatives of the personnel"."
0	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way."
0	"some of these planned features are easier than others to implement, but i understand how much the programming community wants these, so i will try my best."
0	"+ This is an easter egg concerned with the community\'s feelings on this issue."
0	"thus "only labor unions ... are qualified to negotiate with management"."
0	"the aspiration to civil rights (dignity} civil rights, political aspirations, participation."
0	"please continue opening issues and providing feedback for community"
0	"legal forms (objects), rights, legislation, decree, order, measure, courts, formality, procedure, transcript, infringement, capacity (electoral), code, criterion, district, slate (of candidates), program, policy, statement, poster, brochure, ballot, tract, slogan, seat, headquarters, local office, acronym, card."
0	"some of these planned features are easier than others to implement, but i understand how much the programming community wants these, so i will try my best."
0	"the pmc will lean towards developer community support, to help discovery and initial steps towards incubation in the external repository."
0	"the collective will from which they derive-and the more general it is, the more worthy it is- must be provided with its own instruments in order to express itself."
0	"The overwhelming support by the community gave it the shape it is in right now."
0	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way."
0	"we have tried to show, on the contrary, that economic actions are based on at least two main forms of coordination, one by the marketplace, the other by an industrial order, and that each has its own way of setting up a reality test."
0	"it\'s an awesome and inspiring company, [**buy their products now!!!"
0	"anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or\r"
0	"with different name and namespace transactions without spending bitcoin."
0	"So, before raising your service limits, make sure that you don\'t have any rogue scripts which could accidentally create tens of thousands of parallel executions that you don\'t want to pay for."
0	"in short, subjects are as available as goods on the market."
0	"So, before raising your service limits, make sure that you don\'t have any rogue scripts which could accidentally create tens of thousands of parallel executions that you don\'t want to pay for."
0	"for our purpose, this book is of particular interest because it bases business success on an experience which is conspicuously unconnected to industrial production: the author made a fortune selling the names of famous people to advertising agencies."
0	"besides, progress value can be freely customized."
0	"(including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services;"
0	"only if one loses sight of the convention that creates bonds between people as individuals- a convention that operates via their desire for the same objects-and if one forgets the way in which this convention of competition governs its own free play, do the terms "individual" or "freedom" become susceptible to the semantic slippages that lead to the presentation of the market world as the sole guarantor of people\'s autonomy and freedom."
0	"try out the sample applications on the android market: [feature demos][4],"
0	"they connect with one another through competitive relationships."
0	"we are the preferred choice for communication products of all types and the fastest growing gif service on the market."
0	"output for stock market multi-dimensional multi-sequential predictions:"
0	"your data are still on s3 servers so you pay $0.06 for those two gigabytes, but not a single cent will be charged for any transfer."
0	"as for the market world, it is not animated exclusively by business relations between buyers and sellers."
0	"if you like to have a customized version for special needs,"
0	"this world is also peopled with omnipresent objects; the economist can overlook their role in the coordination of actions only when he treats them as endowed with a nature independent of the interventions of others."
0	"- any kind of act, activity or business involving dangerous or controlled goods or substances, including stolen goods, firearms, radioactive materials or drugs."
0	"attracting the attention and influencing the opinion of politicians is another area of comparative difference."
0	"the opposition coalitions actively sought the endorsement of key legislators, and even took many legislators on rafting trips with the goal of letting them personally "experience" the clavey."
0	"but persons may also identify with objects that have been successful, and through these objects with the celebrities who have adopted and displayed them."
0	"experts also enjoy high status in the projective city because their competence, which is indispensable, is composed not of standardized knowledge but of personal, integrated knowledge."
0	"all these qualities make them leaders of teams that they manage not in authoritarian fashion, but by listening to others, with tolerance, recognizing and respecting differences."
0	"if no-one else is using your branch, please rebase it against the current master (or other target branch in the main project)."
0	"\'in place of the traditional contract, which guaranteed security, promotion and development, it is now appropriate to make an agreement that creates a sense of belonging, which helps the individual to maintain his "employability" or the value of his labour, and which exploits the various opportunities to learn while at work\' (aubrey, 1994)."
0	"but since projects are by their very nature temporary, the ability to disengage from a project in order to be available for new connections counts as much as the capacity for engagement, even at the peak of engagement, enthusiasm, involvement in a project, people at ease in a network world remain \'adaptable, physically and intellectually mobile!"
0	"our elite teams challenge themselves to build extraordinary experiences by bridging the latest strategy and design thinking with enterprise-grade software development."
0	"there are two project suites included:"
0	"unfortunately, the youtube-dl project has grown too large to use personal email as an effective communication channel."
0	"to this end they must not be timid, or - which boils down to the same thing - so proud as not to take the first step for fear of rejection."
0	"so i hope to share and communicate with the all of you."
0	"1g and above all, it can be evoked in institutional or social terms, when the beings between whom some transfer is established, and who are proximate in space and time, were hitherto separated by boundaries isolating institutions, disciplines, domains, or (in pierre bourdieu\'s terminology) fields from one another."
0	"the development if oneself and one\'s employability (\'being the agent of one\'s own evolution, taking control of one\'s future\' [le saget, 1994]), which is the long-term personal project underlying all the others, will not be successfully accomplished."
0	"to succeed, they must trust and be trusted, know how to communicate discuss openly, and also be capable of adjusting to other people and situations\' depending on what the latter demand of them, without being held back; timidity, rigidity or mistrust."
0	"in the knowledge that time is limited, it is in fact advisable to carve out the time to forge links with different persons and universes, rather than always remaining in the same circle of people: \'being a pro means revising one\'s accessibility in quasi strategic fashion, time can\'t just be invented and so it is a question of making choices and daring to take decisions, a pro\'s appointments are handled with extreme care\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"nothing must get the upper hand over the imperative of adjustment, or hamper their movements."
0	"it is the fruit of past experience - that is to say, of multiple connections, particularly with others possessing specific knowledge, formed during earlier projects, of which they preserve the memory."
0	"anthropology and naturalness in the projective city"
0	"the great man in the projective city is not a nowhere man."
0	"the city falls when the network is no longer extended and, closing in on itself, benefits some people, but no longer serves the public good."
0	"so i hope to share and communicate with the all of you."
0	"this is to say that in a network world there is a close correlation between the importance of social capital and of information capital."
0	"they possess the art of reconciling opposites, and know how to bring very different people together, and put them in contact."
0	"but he knows also how to give of himself, to be there as and when appropriate, to exploit his presence in personal relations, in face-to-face encounters: he is always available, even-tempered, self-assured without being arrogant, familiar without overstepping the limits, obliging, with more to offer than he expects in return."
0	"this is why such a world has no sanctions other than rejection or exclusion, which, in depriving someone of their links (,disaffiliation\', in robert castel\'s terminology), expels them to the margins of the network, where connections are at once both sparse and worthless."
0	"thus, it can be said of \'social and family networks\' that \'this capital represents relations which, in addition to satisfaction on a human level, offer a potential contribution to the enterprise envisaged\' (aubrey, 1994). but while connections with members of the extended family, assimilated to a network, can prove profitable, the restricted family, like the group of \'old mates\' or the clique of \'office neighbours\', preserves the tie to old, superseded connections, and by that token represents a burden, a handicap."
0	"without his demanding information or going in search of it, others give him the information he needs."
0	"they do not impose their rules or objectives, but agree to discuss their positions (principle of tolerance)."
0	"this last register is employed in particular to emphasize the autonomy and even the volition of the network, which is stronger than that of the beings immersed in it, and whose properties are then described in the language of selforganization, self regulation, and spontaneous morphogenesis."
0	"but they know how to take full advantage of each situation in its uniqueness. for the same reasons they appear spontaneous, in contrast to strategists, whose manoeuvres are overly conspicuous, and frighten people."
0	"not all links are of equivalent worth."
0	"the development if oneself and one\'s employability (\'being the agent of one\'s own evolution, taking control of one\'s future\' [le saget, 1994]), which is the long-term personal project underlying all the others, will not be successfully accomplished."
0	"if you would like to support this project\'s further development, the creator of this project or the continuous maintenance of this project, feel free to donate."
0	"someone who has a status knows what to expect from life: what their duties are (what is expected of them) and what their rights are (what they can expect of others)."
0	"from this standpoint, mediation is a value in itself, or rather, in the conceptual framework employed here, a specific status of which each actor is liable to take advantage when \'putting people in contact\', \'making connections\', thereby helping to \'construct networks\'."
0	"if you want to use this *timeline*  in your project, you have to do the following."
0	"it is important to sweep away the networks of "buddies", bureaucracy or corruption that obstruct the path of progress\' (aubrey, 1994)."
0	"but the intuitive manager, the source of inspiration and the coach are not the only models of excellence."
0	"\' our \'deep desire for autonomy and self-reliance [is] combined with an equally deep conviction that life has no meaning unless shared with others in the context of community\' (waterman, 1988)."
0	"feel free to open a new ticket if you have any suggestions on how the project could be enhanced."
0	"this need for connection, which is so universal, is the reason why everyone can integrate themselves into networks and acquire employability."
0	"thus, whereas the expert is above all rich in links of the first (temporal) or second (spatial) types, the project head or source of inspiration excels in establishing connections between domains or fields: he establishes collaboration between people from different disciplines or professions, belonging to various departments, institutions or firms, and brings together, for example, two experts each of whom has experience, but in different domains."
0	"interested in working on more unique projects like hyperion?"
0	"when it comes to links, to invest effort is to give up what one already has for an uncertain alternative: not to shut oneself away in pre-established links, so that one is available to tryout new connections that might fail."
0	"the question of a city\'s anchorage in a definition of nature is a crucial one."
0	"furthermore, given that the project is a complex, uncertain process, which cannot be confined within the limits of invariably incomplete contracts, one must know how to trust those with whom connections are formed     connections that are destined to develop as the project develops."
0	"given that links presuppose the engagement of at least two people, they must avoid being rejected; on the contrary, they must attract the attention and sympathy of others - interest them."
0	"if the moment of the transition from one project to another constitutes the test par excellence, in the logic of a projective city the world is the more testing and hence also the more just - the shorter, the more numerous, and the more changeable projects are."
0	"face to face, they are real people, in the sense that, far from mechanically performing their social roles -\' in the way a programme is executed - they know how to step back and deviate from their role, which makes them captivating."
0	"someone who has a status knows what to expect from life: what their duties are (what is expected of them) and what their rights are (what they can expect of others)."
0	"it \'has at its disposal unity of time, but not unity of place. it must optimize internal resources, compare them with external resources, and make the best use of experts organized in network structures\' (hec, 1994)."
0	"it can be alluded to in partial terms, whenever there is co-ordination in real time with others who are spatially distant (\'[t]he starting point will be to ignore geographical distances\' [fapscott and caston, 1994]) - particularly by taking full advantage of modern means of communication (the internet) - as we see in the example of the \'global laboratory\', which is not geographically located and allows researchers in the same discipline, but scattered throughout the \'world, to collaborate in solving the same problem."
0	"this is the price of co-ordinating themselves in mechanisms and projects."
0	"the basic rule is \'reciprocity: the best-intentioned are discouraged if they receive nothing in exchange for what they have given. anyone who retains information that could be useful to others to himself is a killer of networks\' (orgogozo, 1991)."
0	"this is the case with large bodies: \'for large bodies are today anti-networks inasmuch as they exercise authority over their members in order to further their own objectives\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"in a network world, it is thus realistic to be ambivalent (in contrast to the boss who is all of one piece in the hierarchical world), because the situations people have to confront are themselves complex and uncertain."
0	"forms of justice in the projective city"
0	"useful representations are local, singular, circumstantial, able to be deployed from one person to the next, and bound up with a kind of knowledge deriving from personal experience."
0	"The projective city as we have just described it allows us to underline the main themes of justification in a world conceived as a network."
0	"useful representations are local, singular, circumstantial, able to be deployed from one person to the next, and bound up with a kind of knowledge deriving from personal experience."
0	"the project head is precisely the one who proves capable of making connections between very different zones of expertise."
0	"what all these exceptional beings have in common is that they are in a position to explore the links with the richest opportunities, those that will extend the network furthest, which are defined largely by the distance they surmount."
0	"he is mobile, nothing must hamper his movements."
0	"You can use Gitter to communicate with people who are also interested in Auto-Keras."
0	"activity, projects, extension of the network, proliferation of connections <common superior principle>"
0	"not all links are of equivalent worth."
0	"we have already seen that great men are not only versatile, engaged and mobile themselves, but that they cause others to benefit from these qualities by striving to advance their employability at the same time as they develop their own."
0	"at a further level, some environmental evaluations depart from the political and moral requirements which are shared by all orders of worth where common humanity is the group of reference for the evaluation and propose an extension of the "community" of reference to include non-human entities (a move to "ecocentrism" rather than "anthropocentrism")."
0	"this cohabitation problem is found in both cases, but is perhaps more central in france, where the connection between wild nature and domesticated nature has been built up over time."
0	"deep ecology a particular variant of "green" standards of evaluation known as "deep ecology" has been developed, primarily in the united states but initially in europe, which makes a very important move away from the common moral requirements found in the other types of justification we have been considering."
0	"he contrasts wild bears with non-wild bears put in zoos, and compares this to the contrast between genuine humans and non-genuine humans who are forced by environmental restrictions to live in a "reservation of humans like a reservation of indians"     in this way he uses cohabitation ironically as a defense of the project and at the same time denounces his opponent, who often identifies himself with the native indian ideal of living in harmony with the land. native "indian" attachments to sites makes an ideal of the intimate connections of native indians to their culturally significant sites."
0	"at a further level, some environmental evaluations depart from the political and moral requirements which are shared by all orders of worth where common humanity is the group of reference for the evaluation and propose an extension of the "community" of reference to include non-human entities (a move to "ecocentrism" rather than "anthropocentrism")."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"the courting of the me-wuk tribe’s endorsement was clearly important both because of its political appeal (politicians are known to be sensitive to "native" issues), and because their attachment to the land makes them the most legitimate "spokespersons for the land"."
0	"the forest service rated the river partly on its value as an undisturbed habitat."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"clean/non-polluting, renewable, recyclable, sustainable, and in harmony with nature."
0	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation."
0	"when mitigations to infrastructure plans are proposed to make them more environmentally sensitive. these types of justifications     which might add a new "order of worth" to the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme have become more refined and widespread since the rise of the global environmental movement in the past few decades, but they also have important historical and cultural precursors."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"when used by environmentalists, however, these arguments generally mean "untouched by development" rather than untouched by man at all."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"Petetin’s reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"in addition to the bears, other animals were put forward as endangered by the project, including a unique sort of amphibious mole. untouched wilderness in the clavey case, there are numerous arguments about keeping the clavey "free-flowing," "untouched," "pristine," and "the way it was long before humans arrived"."
0	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"the courting of the me-wuk tribe’s endorsement was clearly important both because of its political appeal (politicians are known to be sensitive to "native" issues), and because their attachment to the land makes them the most legitimate "spokespersons for the land"."
0	"there are several senses in which the river is characterized as a unique natural place: in terms of being the "last" undammed river in the ecosystem, in terms of its specific role in local heritage and its historical importance, in terms of being a "rare" ecosystem not found elsewhere and in terms of the number of endangered species which live in the ecosystem."
0	"the forest service rated the river partly on its value as an undisturbed habitat."
0	"petetin says, "the indian culture is a culture shared by men and women who lived in harmony with nature all year around, without spoiling it, while using its richness, while loving it, while knowing it"."
0	"a voluntary association in the aspe valley, fiep, is in fact entirely dedicated to promoting harmonious "cohabitation," particularly by working to "let shepherds and bears live together in the pyrenees"."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"the courting of the me-wuk tribe’s endorsement was clearly important both because of its political appeal (politicians are known to be sensitive to "native" issues), and because their attachment to the land makes them the most legitimate "spokespersons for the land"."
0	"animals can of course be included in these evaluations of wild places as part of our heritage, but animals have their own attachment to the wild place in terms of their "habitat," an attachment which environmentalism wants to preserve as part of "heritage"."
0	"so wilderness is valued (by dam opponents) because of its non-human qualities, but the pristine quality of wilderness is used as a justification (against building the dam) because pristine wilderness has a benefit for humanity."
0	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"they emphasized the integration of valley habitats: "the bear is an integrator."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"in the clavey case, for example, dam opponents made the arguments that wild places like the clavey must be preserved because they have been entrusted to our stewardship by past generations and we must pass them on the future generations."
0	"they emphasized the integration of valley habitats: "the bear is an integrator."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"petetin says, "the indian culture is a culture shared by men and women who lived in harmony with nature all year around, without spoiling it, while using its richness, while loving it, while knowing it"."
0	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans"."
0	"arguments in the somport controversy focus on the singularity of the aspe valley and the scarcity and uniqueness of the animals in the area."
0	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover."
0	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g."
0	"according to this logic, there are beings even worthier than artists, beings who inhabit magical worlds (shades, fairies, magi), but when these are evoked in the work we are drawing on here it is always in a desecratory mode."
0	"the proof for inspiration justifications is the display of an emotion, or otherwise showing that one is moved or overwhelmed or awed."
0	"one must adopt a "different language," that of "images, phantasms, symbols, myths, legends," shot through with associations, open to the fantastic, to dreams, and "nourished by the prodigious accumulation of images, memories, and myths that has built up without our conscious awareness.""
0	"you\'re just looking for [some inspiration][inspiration], we\'ve got you covered."
0	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use."
0	"all the things that support and outfit equivalence in the other worlds, such as measures, rules, money, hierarchy, and laws, are missing here."
0	"all the things that support and outfit equivalence in the other worlds, such as measures, rules, money, hierarchy, and laws, are missing here."
0	"in both the somport and clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature."
0	"imaginary, unconscious."
0	"in terms of inspiration, *black* is about as configurable as *gofmt*."
0	"justifications based on inspiration and emotion [   inspiration    worth]"
0	"knowledge acquired through education-the routines of schooling or the habits of family life-thus constitutes an obstacle to what leads toward worth: amazement or enthusiasm."
0	"this worth rests upon the attainment of a state of grace and is, therefore, completely independent of recognition by others."
0	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time ."
0	"they are also qualified by properties that express both the determination and the reproduction of sameness (as opposed to originality) and also the flexibility and stability of that which, lacking impetus or held in restraint, cannot grow: they are frozen in the repetition on of (industrial) routines or (domestic) habits, and locked into the reproduction of what is already known."
0	"in the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation."
0	"run with an inspiration in a clean environment"
0	"micronaut is developed by the creators of the grails framework and takes inspiration from lessons learnt over the years building real-world applications from monoliths to microservices using spring, spring boot and grails."
0	"they know how to recognize and welcome what is mysterious, imaginative, original, unspeakable, unnamable, ethereal, or invisible, and they are at ease in informal situations."
0	"the alchemy of unexpected encounters (relationships)."
0	"in such peak moments-in the creation of a masterpiece, for example-inspiration manifests itself spontaneously, suddenly, in a disorderly fashion, gripping the creator and obliging him to "surpass himself.""
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"we want designers to be as creative as possible to better serve end users, and developers to dedicate their time programming the core functionality and forget about repetitive tasks such as ui implementation."
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"the stroke of genius (judgment)."
0	"once the field is inserted, you should now see "!unexpected end of formula""
0	"according to this logic, there are beings even worthier than artists, beings who inhabit magical worlds (shades, fairies, magi), but when these are evoked in the work we are drawing on here it is always in a desecratory mode."
0	"the world of inspiration"
0	"(in fact, textgenrnn learns *so well* that you have to increase the temperature significantly for creative output!"
0	"the alchemy of unexpected encounters (relationships)."
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"justifications based on inspiration and emotion [   inspiration    worth]"
0	"evidence takes the form of an affective state, a feeling that is spontaneous, involuntary, and fleeting; its validity demands neither approval from others (as it would in the world of fame) nor the construction of a routine that stabilizes relationships among objects (as it would in the industrial world)."
0	"adventure, quest, mental voyage, pathfinding, lived experience."
0	"`com.moagrius.widgets.scrollview` is a clone of aosp\'s `scrollview` and `horizontalscrollview`, with some inspiration taken from `recyclerview` and `gesturedetector`."
0	"their typical way of acting is to dream, to imagine, to rebel, or to have living experiences."
0	"the inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations."
0	"this practice shelters inspired worth from the opinions of others worth in this world is indifferent to signs of contempt but it also accounts for the fragility of this form of worth."
0	"adventure, quest, mental voyage, pathfinding, lived experience."
0	"in this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness."
0	"(in fact, textgenrnn learns *so well* that you have to increase the temperature significantly for creative output!"
0	"the proof for inspiration justifications is the display of an emotion, or otherwise showing that one is moved or overwhelmed or awed."
0	"indeed, only in universes detached from reality- from "demoralizing reality," or what purports to be such in other worlds, and especially in the industrial world-can true worths be manifested: thus it is necessary to "explode what is called reality.""
