category	text
1	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover. "
1	"in exploring the category of "green" justifications, we contribute fresh insight into the literature on environmental discourse or rhetoric, particularly the understanding of the different conceptions of wilderness and nature in the united states and france, and of the relations of humans (and human communities) and nature. "
1	"and our analysis adds an important comparative dimension missing from most previous work on environmental rhetoric by asking what differences might exist in the content or use of "green" arguments or images in these two countries, which have different environmental histories and movements. justifications based on "green-ness" and environmentalism ["green" worth] many examples in previous sections refer to nature or the environment within an evaluation based on non-environmental justifications and principles, e.g. "
1	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g. "
1	"when mitigations to infrastructure plans are proposed to make them more environmentally sensitive. these types of justifications     which might add a new "order of worth" to the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme have become more refined and widespread since the rise of the global environmental movement in the past few decades, but they also have important historical and cultural precursors. "
1	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g. "
1	"clean/non-polluting, renewable, recyclable, sustainable, and in harmony with nature. "
1	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild. "
1	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations. "
1	"the green order of worth is revealed in distinctly "green" qualifications, such as the "health" of trout in the clavey river valued as something that is good for humanity, which are not considered relevant in any other order. "
1	"at a further level, some environmental evaluations depart from the political and moral requirements which are shared by all orders of worth where common humanity is the group of reference for the evaluation and propose an extension of the "community" of reference to include non-human entities (a move to "ecocentrism" rather than "anthropocentrism"). "
1	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects. "
1	"in the clavey case, uniqueness arguments are perhaps the most prevalent environmental justifications offered by dam opponents. "
1	"there are several senses in which the river is characterized as a unique natural place: in terms of being the "last" undammed river in the ecosystem, in terms of its specific role in local heritage and its historical importance, in terms of being a "rare" ecosystem not found elsewhere and in terms of the number of endangered species which live in the ecosystem. "
1	"the environmentalists who opposed the dam on the clavey were constantly referring to a long list they compiled of all the "officially threatened or endangered" plant and animal species, such as the rare "wild trout," found within the clavey canyon and presumably further endangered by the project.48 the other side for their part constantly tried to refute this justification, either by denying the danger to these species or proposing to mitigate for any potential harm (but never explicitly by denying the importance of protecting endangered species). "
1	"arguments in the somport controversy focus on the singularity of the aspe valley and the scarcity and uniqueness of the animals in the area. "
1	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there. "
1	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states). "
1	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes. "
1	"an exhibition on the bears in the valley town of accous tells the "fabulous story of a mythical animal". "
1	"in addition to the bears, other animals were put forward as endangered by the project, including a unique sort of amphibious mole. untouched wilderness in the clavey case, there are numerous arguments about keeping the clavey "free-flowing," "untouched," "pristine," and "the way it was long before humans arrived". "
1	"these claims became crucial points of contention and debate, and were given explicit consideration in the decision-making by the government agencies involved. "
1	"the forest service rated the river partly on its value as an undisturbed habitat. "
1	"when used by environmentalists, however, these arguments generally mean "untouched by development" rather than untouched by man at all. "
1	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey. "
1	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience). "
1	"so wilderness is valued (by dam opponents) because of its non-human qualities, but the pristine quality of wilderness is used as a justification (against building the dam) because pristine wilderness has a benefit for humanity. "
1	"in france, the notion of a "sublime" and "wild" nature is commonly found in the somport dispute, as in the clavey dispute. "if you touch the aspe valley, if you want to make it more accessible, if you give it over to concrete and trucks, it would be a crime against beauty, an acid facelift of the noble visage of a distinguished old lady". "
1	"however, the relation of man and the wild is not described in terms of a struggle so much as in the united states, and there is less attention to the "experience" of wilderness. "
1	"in france the idea of "domesticated nature" is not necessarily set against "untouched wilderness" as in the united states53 while the clavey debate often concerns separating what is to be untouched and what is not, this is not always the case in the somport debate, and there are instead connections made between the domestic life of the valley and its natural life. "
1	"for example, one reason offered against the road-tunnel project was, "the survival of the large pyrenean scavenger birds depends on the perennial continuation of traditional practices such as mountain transhumance". "
1	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam. "
1	"the green characterization of "natural" heritage is particularly oriented toward future generations. "
1	"in the clavey case, for example, dam opponents made the arguments that wild places like the clavey must be preserved because they have been entrusted to our stewardship by past generations and we must pass them on the future generations. "
1	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications. "
1	"for example, there are similar arguments in both cases about the value of being attached for a long time to a land that has been passed down through several generations of one’s family, and these are then combined with arguments about the natural value of the land and the need to preserve it for the future. "
1	"the clavey activist wally anker combines arguments in this way by saying first that the clavey is "the only place i know that is the same today as it was during the ice age," then saying that his family has lived near the clavey for generations, and he wants to preserve the clavey so his grandchildren can have the same attachment to it. "
1	"animals can of course be included in these evaluations of wild places as part of our heritage, but animals have their own attachment to the wild place in terms of their "habitat," an attachment which environmentalism wants to preserve as part of "heritage". "
1	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments. "
1	"this cohabitation problem is found in both cases, but is perhaps more central in france, where the connection between wild nature and domesticated nature has been built up over time. "
1	"a voluntary association in the aspe valley, fiep, is in fact entirely dedicated to promoting harmonious "cohabitation," particularly by working to "let shepherds and bears live together in the pyrenees". "
1	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life. "
1	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation. "
1	"they emphasized the integration of valley habitats: "the bear is an integrator. "
1	"we cannot take care of bears without taking care of the forest or the pastures, because the bears are demanding". "
1	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans". "
1	"he contrasts wild bears with non-wild bears put in zoos, and compares this to the contrast between genuine humans and non-genuine humans who are forced by environmental restrictions to live in a "reservation of humans like a reservation of indians"     in this way he uses cohabitation ironically as a defense of the project and at the same time denounces his opponent, who often identifies himself with the native indian ideal of living in harmony with the land. native "indian" attachments to sites makes an ideal of the intimate connections of native indians to their culturally significant sites. "
1	"petetin often dresses up using some symbols of american indian costumes like a feather in his hair, and holds up indian culture as an exemplar of a sustainable and harmonious relationship with the land     this attachment is then used as a green justification for his position against the somport project (although there is also a significant element of inspiration justification). "
1	"petetin says, "the indian culture is a culture shared by men and women who lived in harmony with nature all year around, without spoiling it, while using its richness, while loving it, while knowing it". "
1	"Petetin’s reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also. "
1	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case. "
1	"the tribal member most active in the clavey controversy is a grandmother named phyllis harness, who expressed her attachment to the clavey in many ways, including the fact that her grandson is named "clavey". "
1	"one of her primary self-descriptions is as a "gatherer". one who collects plants, particularly mushrooms, from the ancestral lands which surround the clavey and she often describes her gathering as a ritual, "sacred" cultural practice (something her elders taught her). "
1	"the sacredness of her attachment to this place is in some ways "proved" only through being present in the place, and she prizes the experience of being near the clavey. "
1	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd. "
1	"the courting of the me-wuk tribe’s endorsement was clearly important both because of its political appeal (politicians are known to be sensitive to "native" issues), and because their attachment to the land makes them the most legitimate "spokespersons for the land". "
1	"deep ecology a particular variant of "green" standards of evaluation known as "deep ecology" has been developed, primarily in the united states but initially in europe, which makes a very important move away from the common moral requirements found in the other types of justification we have been considering. "
1	"but in the deep ecology philosophy and movement, the community of "everyone" that is the basis for evaluations is extended beyond the human community to include the good of non-human natural entities (e.g. trees, animals); they refer to this as a shift from "anthropocentrism" to "ecocentrism". "
1	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself. "
0	"its worth depends on its capacity to bring its members to the general state by mobilizing them around a common interest: "the chapter has to seize the moment when the workers become aware of their exploitation and of the need to fight, in order to transform them into members, into militants"."
0	"the pmc will lean towards developer community support, to help discovery and initial steps towards incubation in the external repository."
0	"the debezium community welcomes anyone that wants to help out in any way, whether that includes reporting problems, helping with documentation, or contributing code changes to fix bugs, add tests, or implement new features."
0	"the two groups are not separate from one another, but rather of the same flesh."
0	"ask for a meeting with her while respecting the ground rules (company policies, hierarchical order)"."
0	"in the domestic world, the forms in which nature is inventoried are collections of narratives, curious and instructive stories, allegories, and also collections of personal objects and relics, objects worth keeping because they have been used by a worthy being."
0	"in this world, bearing is inherent in persons because it manifests character, which is habit made human ("personal bearing reflects the individual")."
0	"  advanced algorithm for calculating the strength of your habits."
0	"similarly, less worthy beings are equivalent and no particular feature of childhood distinguishes small children from the other subordinate beings (unmarried persons, servants, and so on) for whom the more worthy beings are responsible."
0	"less worthy beings: i, unmarried person, foreigner, woman, child, pet."
0	"a handshake is also an instrument of worth, a tool devised from the body itself; depending on the order of gesture, a handshake may raise or lower a person\'s standing:\n"it is up to him (the leader), not you, to offer his hand first"."
0	"leaders are thus the honor of subordinates."
0	"the worth that, in the domestic world is a function of the position one occupies m chains of personal dependence can only be grasped in a relational sense: worthier than ... , less worthy than... for the same reasons, the exercise of worth is subject here to constraints of place and time linked to the need to present oneself in person in the presence of others, in order to manifest one\'s own importance."
0	"\nthe exemplary anecdote (evidence)\n&ample (give as an), prejudice."
0	"in the domestic world, in fact, the more worthy include the less worthy as if they had created them."
0	"in a domestic world, in which beings can be qualified according to an extensive range of different states of worthiness, the less worthy are always present and designated as such because they are the very substance with which the worth of the more worthy that include them is constructed."
0	"it is through reference to generation, tradition, and hierarchy that order can be established among beings of a domestic nature."
0	"  advanced algorithm for calculating the strength of your habits."
0	"The warning about the key not being certified is benign, as it has not yet been manually assigned trust."
0	"at the time i had no idea what i was doing, but for better or worse, i made a habit of not copying classes, but writing the code out myself."
0	" * we kindly ask you to use common sense and don\'t profit entirely off the work of others."
0	"  repetition makes your habit stronger, and every missed day makes it weaker."
0	"in the domestic world, the more worthy beings have duties ("even more than rights") with respect to those in their entourage, and especially with respect to those whom they include and for whom they are consequently responsible."
0	"let us note that of all the social sciences, economics is the one that grants the most space to objects, although the status of these objects is not made clear in economic theory."
0	"buythreshold  = 0.65         # confidence threshold for predicting buy (default = 0.65) "
0	"it enables cpus and gpus to connect in a peer-to-peer network, enabling both application owners and individual users ("requestors") to rent resources from other users\xe2\x80\x99 ("providers") machines."
0	"similarly, the implications of a theoretical slippage from a market of goods to a market of contracts are not clearly distinguished, since the role of the hypothesis of the objectivity of a medium for the expression of competing desires is not taken into account."
0	"the state of worthiness includes no memory of the past, no plan for the future."
0	"at the end of this harmonious process of composition, the persons doing business find their worth naturally in relation to the object negotiated."
0	"google maps apis premium plan customers can use their [client id and secret][clientid] to authenticate,"
0	"sellthreshold = 0.65         # confidence threshold for predicting sell (default = 0.65)"
0	"So, before raising your service limits, make sure that you don\'t have any rogue scripts which could accidentally create tens of thousands of parallel executions that you don\'t want to pay for."
0	"just as the work by adam smith from which we extracted the canonical presentation of market worth invites us to associate a theory of the wealth of nations foregrounding the principle of competition, on the one hand, with a theory of moral sentiments based on the position of impartial spectator and sympathy, on the other, the manual we are using here makes visible the relation between the satisfactory progress of business and a state of persons characterized by detachment with regard to themselves (a distance that recalls the "equal distances with respect to great and small objects" at which smith positioned_ the spectator) and by attention to others."
0	"the common identification of goods and the generality of the worth known as price associates the face-to-face aspect of a business deal with other transactions taking place elsewhere, with other individuals; these can thus be equated."
0	"for commercial customers, the database contents are saved automatically by default."
0	"however, the success of the figure of the individual has been largely dependent on proof that individuals can find a place in an order in which their actions are coordinated with those of others."
0	"the term strength, although it is ambiguous, is used in the manual we are referring to here, as it is in hobbes's canonical texts, especially in the evocation of the way in which a famous person encompasses his public and increases in stature in proportion to its support."
0	"in the world of fame, there are few things that can consolidate and stabilize the relation between worth, which comes exclusively from the opinion of others, and the bearer of worth, an entity (person or thing) that is not qualified by properties scribed in its being in a lasting way."
0	"this advertisement for the river then paid crucial dividends in the form of pressure on the dam proponents to recognize that not just the politicians were against the dam but also masses of people from throughout the state and nation, many of whom wrote letters to government calling for a halt to the project."
0	"she contends, "i think it was very threatening when [tid] saw that the clavey was getting this kind of attention"."
0	"but also the idea of lobbying     trying to influence legislators outside of public settings or even publicly announcing endorsements of any one side in the dispute     would rarely be considered legitimate in france, while it is often (but not always) considered a legitimate tactic in the united states."
0	"but there has been some reaction against the press treatment of the project, partly because the press were considered "parisian" and not local."
0	"\ngiving up secrets (investment) reveal."
0	"persons who are receptive, receivers of the message, in tum become senders."
0	"the current objects in this world are trademarks, badges, message transmitters and receivers, press releases and booklets."
0	"in the world of fame, the peak moments are those during which these images become salient, for example during a presentation that places them in the spotlight under the gaze of others."
0	"\nindifference and banality (the fau)\nhidden,\nindifference (encounter), banal, forgotten, fuzzy image, deteriorated,\nfaded, lost."
0	""a demonstration serves as a medium, from the vehicle to the message, obvious or implied, which makes it possible to achieve the desired goal."
0	"\nindifference and banality (the fau)\nhidden,\nindifference (encounter), banal, forgotten, fuzzy image, deteriorated,\nfaded, lost."
0	"one can intervene in this communications network, manipulate it in order to plant an image, launch or promote a product "information emanating from the press, personalities, opinion leaders" "appears in the public eye" and, by orienting and manipulating the image transmitted to the public, it positions the product."
0	"this last register is employed in particular to emphasize the autonomy and even the volition of the network, which is stronger than that of the beings immersed in it, and whose properties are then described in the language of selforganization, self regulation, and spontaneous morphogenesis."
0	"if the <condition of little person> in the new city applies to bad (individual) behaviour in a world of projects, the <decline of the city> involves unsatisfactory rhizomorphous forms, \'bad networks\'."
0	"but their image is less heroic than that of the project head, because they are deemed less adaptable."
0	"entertaining the hypothesis that we are witnessing the formation of a new city, where the tests that matter involve constructing or loosening connections in a network world, obviously does not mean that the establishment of networks represents a radical new departure."
0	"what matters is to develop activity that is to say, never to be short of a project, bereft of an idea, always to have something in mind, in the pipeline, with other people whom one meets out of a desire to do something."
0	"thus, in a projective city someone who has a status is not mobile."
0	"use this version for projects that requires java 6 or need the jmagick support."
0	"at the root of your project with the following contents:"
0	"at the root of your project with the following contents:"
0	"entertaining the hypothesis that we are witnessing the formation of a new city, where the tests that matter involve constructing or loosening connections in a network world, obviously does not mean that the establishment of networks represents a radical new departure."
0	"it follows that in such a world the mechanisms of justice are essentially preventive."
0	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application."
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application."
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"they are also qualified by properties that express both the determination and the reproduction of sameness (as opposed to originality) and also the flexibility and stability of that which, lacking impetus or held in restraint, cannot grow: they are frozen in the repetition on of (industrial) routines or (domestic) habits, and locked into the reproduction of what is already known."
0	"indeed, only in universes detached from reality- from "demoralizing reality," or what purports to be such in other worlds, and especially in the industrial world-can true worths be manifested: thus it is necessary to "explode what is called reality.""
0	"in the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation."
0	"it is in the nature of inspiration to pour out, to spring up, to manifest itself through a \'\'flash of genius," a "spark" that will provoke the appearance of an idea, an illumination or unusual intuition that disturbs, bringing in its wake a "confused bubbling up," a "strange whirlwind.""
0	"without going into details, one can show that, in the world of inspiration, the relevant beings are, for example, spirits, crazy people, artists, children."
0	"this holds true for children, who are "curious, inventive, passionate," for women, the simple-minded, and madmen, and also for poets, artists (who are of the same "nature as women"), monsters, \'\'frightening, imaginary creatures," and other freaks of nature."
0	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist."
0	"create, discover, quest, imagine, dream, explode (cause to)."
0	"the anxiety of creation (dignity)."
0	"the same results can be achieved with the help of devices borrowed from religions of the far east, from zen, and from psychoanalytical approaches.""
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"this mode of translation is opposed to everything that, in other worlds, and once again especially in the industrial world, grasps movement in the accomplishment of a determination, in a trajectory that is predictable and thus "boring.""
0	"the way to escape from reality is to "let imagination run wild," "turn individuals into explorers of the imaginary so they can succeed in "descending into the unconscious," for "all creation draws upon the unconscious.""
0	"from here what you do is only limited by your imagination, but here are a few ideas to get started:"
0	"indeed, only in universes detached from reality- from "demoralizing reality," or what purports to be such in other worlds, and especially in the industrial world-can true worths be manifested: thus it is necessary to "explode what is called reality.""
0	"although these sorts of arguments often lead to the critique that they are unable to be discussed or challenged as general (more than personal) claims, and that they are irrational or unreasonable, we find that emotionally inspired (or inspiring) gestures and claims can be publicly displayed, commonly evaluated, and criticized within a specific order of worth. they can be the proof of some valuable attachment beyond mere personal feelings, of people making the step from personal passion to a kind of generalized argument where inspiration is valued as a common good."
0	"poverty leads to worth through a stripping away that leaves the body bare."
0	"these beings are worthy and great when they are odd, wonderful, emotional."
0	"we want designers to be as creative as possible to better serve end users, and developers to dedicate their time programming the core functionality and forget about repetitive tasks such as ui implementation."
0	"in terms of inspiration, *black* is about as configurable as *gofmt*."
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"it arises, particularly, in the personal body when prepared by asceticism, and especially through emotions."
1	"May Day Festivals of Flirtation, Fertility, and Sexual FrenzyThis May Day, let us pay tribute to the Earth Mother and Her daughter goddesses of green growth by planting May trees and flowers and then dancing around them to celebrate the lovely, lusty miracle of life."
1	"Earth Day: How to Spin Toward a Healthier, Greener PlanetEach one of us has an important role to play in protecting planet Earth and safeguarding human health. Collaboration is urgently needed across governments, NGOs, businesses, communities, and individuals to ensure a healthier planet and a greener, cleaner world."
1	"Pacific nations made a landmark declaration -- calling for the full phase-out of greenhouse gas pollution, acknowledging that current efforts to tackle climate change are insufficient."
0	"Financial Independence for Everyone: 6 Steps to Leaving Work BehindReaching financial independence requires some effort, sacrifice, and learning on your part. Many people shy away from planning their finances because they lack an understanding of economics and financial markets. I've found that managing finances wisely depends on some basic principles that anyone can understand."
1	"Spending the weekend at an organic farmer's market, buying a variety of exotic foods to encourage a sophisticated palate in your child, shelling out a lot of dough for environmentally-responsible means of travel."
1	"The World Bank has not yet addressed climate issues systematically."
1	"In every action I strive to educate and facilitate ways that will tear down the industrial agricultural chemical complex and replace it with a sustainable organic future."
1	"After Climate Agreement Makes History, the Real Work BeginsAfter two weeks of intense debate and little sleep for delegates from 196 countries, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius banged the ceremonial green gavel Saturday evening, adopting the ambitious document put forth by the United Nations' committee earlier in the day."
1	"Sunday RoundupThis week, as the East Coast basked in balmy June temperatures, we saw both urgency and action on climate change."
1	"Green Activists: 50 And Older.If you look at some of today's most prominent green activists and environmentalists, you'll notice that many of them have "
1	"Losing Bears Ears to a cloud of industrial smoke from extraction and mining does not keep that preservation of life for us"
0	"Monsanto And Bayer Are Set To Merge. Here's Why You Should Care.“Together they will influence markets all over the world on a scale we’ve never seen before.”"
0	"Trump Orders Help For Chinese Phone-Maker After China Approves Money For Trump ProjectTrump will profit from Indonesian resort project that will get $500 million in Chinese loans in a deal sealed days before before his tweet ordering help for ZTE."
0	"Arkansas Gets Permission To Enforce Voter ID Law In Primaries. The state's Supreme Court gave election authorities the green light after a lower court had blocked the law."