category	text
1	"in view of the issues with the swagger codegen 3.0.0 (beta) release and the disagreement on the project\'s direction, more than 40 top contributors and template creators of swagger codegen decided to fork swagger codegen and maintain a community-driven version called "openapi generator". "
1	"+ This is an easter egg concerned with the community\'s feelings on this issue. "
1	"we would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our community members for their effort and dedication to jersey for these many years. "
1	"and of course, we couldn't do this without [our community of "
1	"Chrome has the largest share of global usage and is the preferred target platform for the majority of developers. "
1	"- remember that this is a community project, people are contributing in their free time because they like doing so: don\'t take the fun away! "
1	"since i intended this to be a community project, the goals are aligned, keeping that fact in mind. "
1	"## community and support "
1	"the debezium community welcomes anyone that wants to help out in any way, whether that includes reporting problems, helping with documentation, or contributing code changes to fix bugs, add tests, or implement new features. "
1	"as a community, we no longer hand-engineer our mapping functions, and this work suggests we can achieve reasonable results without hand-engineering our loss functions either. "
1	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way. "
1	"## help support spyder, the community-developed scientific ide! "
1	"the pmc will lean towards developer community support, to help discovery and initial steps towards incubation in the external repository. "
1	"        unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software "
1	"if you have any questions or comments about voltdb, we encourage you to reach out to the voltdb team and community. "
1	"* come join the aws java community chat on [gitter][gitter] "
1	"use caffeine in a community provided integration: "
1	"a community group was created, they created camerakit, don\'t hesitate to try it ! "
1	"# developer community\r "
1	"ant financial joins fescar, which make it to be a more neutral and open community for distributed transaction\xef\xbc\x8cand fescar be rename to seata. "
1	"as the apache airflow community grows, we\'d like to keep track of who is using "
1	"Additionally, you can modify SAM to integrate it with other frameworks and deployment providers from the community for building serverless applications. "
1	"    -   tcsh - community supported "
1	"you can always contact us via github@applikey.biz we are open for any inquiries regarding our libraries and controls, new open-source projects and other ways of contributing to the community. "
1	"Whether you want learn which organizations are the big players in the web archiving space, want to find a specific open source tool for your web archiving need, or just want to see where archivists hang out online, our Community Wiki page serves as an index of the broader web archiving community. "
1	"# join the fairseq community "
1	"we welcome contributions from our community of all "
1	"before using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning "
1	"### community projects "
1	"The overwhelming support by the community gave it the shape it is in right now. "
1	"- [and here you can find lots of sophisticated **quickstart** templates shared by the community! "
1	"voltdb offers the fully open source, agpl3-licensed community edition of voltdb through github here:  "
1	"Kivy is MIT licensed, actively developed by a great community and is supported "
1	"community announcements. "
1	"the overwhelming support by the community gave it the shape it is in right now. "
1	"i believe the community are smart enough to finish the rest of the owl. "
1	"Thanks to our great community, we\'ve finally re-added conda support. "
1	"this makes it easy for our developers or someone from the open-source community to start working! "
1	"please continue opening issues and providing feedback for community "
1	"configuration management, service discovery, circuit breakers, intelligent routing, micro-proxy, control bus, one-time tokens, global locks, leadership election, distributed sessions, cluster state) "
1	"contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. "
1	"it is a community repository for active users. "
1	"    -   Windows - community supported "
1	"we feel that a welcoming open community is important and welcome contributions. "
1	"- We\xe2\x80\x99d like to make it easy for anyone to use the ERPNext name or logo for community-oriented efforts that help spread and improve ERPNext. "
1	"various independently maintained, os specific packages have been made available by the community: "
1	"user can create their own packs,  share them on github, or submit to stackstorm community repo. "
1	"working in community, we can soon have a cli client as complete as the web one! "
1	"we love contributions from the community! "
1	"this product is open source and free, and will continue to provide free community technical support. "
1	"kivy is mit licensed, actively developed by a great community and is supported "
1	"* [community guidelines](code_of_conduct.md) "
1	"thx to all rs users for your warm support, it\'s been a pleasure to ofer this library to the community. "
1	"perhaps someday the java community will standardize on one. "
1	"* [extensive documentation][docs], and [great community support][group]. "
1	"the community has provided several helpful modules to make developing apps with conductor even easier. "
1	"additionally, you can modify sam to integrate it with other frameworks and deployment providers from the community for building serverless applications. "
1	"github didn\'t want to maintain the app anymore, so it\'s been released to the community and maintained as a public project. "
1	"some of these planned features are easier than others to implement, but i understand how much the programming community wants these, so i will try my best. "
1	"a growing number of packs is available on stackstorm community. "
1	"if you want to find other (community provided) storages: `pip search docker-registry-driver` "
1	"be sure that you understand and are complying with the csploit licenses and laws in your area. "
1	"jctools has enjoyed support from the community "
1	"in jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors\r "
1	"it is the final user\'s responsibility to obey all applicable local, state and federal laws. "
1	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r' "
1	"specifically, it uses unbiased variance to update the moving average, and use sqrt(max(var, eps)) instead of sqrt(var + eps). "
1	"we intend the issues page to be a forum in which the community collectively troubleshoots problems. "
1	"warranty, to the extent permitted by law. "
1	"*not host or distribute these datasets, vouch for their quality or fairness, or* "
1	"before using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted. "
1	"software under copyright law.\r "
1	"justifications based on civic equality or solidarity refer to the collective welfare as the standard of evaluation, and propose or oppose projects based on such goals as equal access and protection of civil rights. "
1	"various forms of these civic justifications are found in both cases, and equality or solidarity is often the guiding logic underlying the modes of engagement or organization. "
1	"there are comparative differences also, relating generally to the fact that in the united states the emphasis is more on equal rights, while in france the emphasis is on solidarity against inequality (but not as much on civil rights). "
1	"this attempt to generalize the cause is couched in civic language of solidarity between struggles during meetings where spokespersons provide testimonies of comparable experiences. "
1	"the opposition to the somport project also organized many demonstrations and used the high level of participation in their demonstrations and their unitary slogans as proof for their arguments against the project. "
1	"the local grassroots opposition coalition in tuolumne county often emphasizes their representation of a diverse array of local people (not just the rafting interests or the environmentalists), and the silent solidarity of many more uninvolved but concerned local citizens. "
1	"the proponents of the dam, however, also lay claim to this silent support of the locals. "
1	"both sides at different times collected thousands of names on petitions and submitted them to either the local board of supervisors or the national ferc officials. "
1	"whereas in france, the civic reference to the general interest or solidarity is not indexed on the number of supporters or some measure of public opinion (see the next chapter for further exploration of this also). "
1	"the debate over the clavey in the turlock area, the valley agricultural region where the power from the dam would be used, provides additional insight into how solidarity is conceived in terms of opinion in the united states. for example, the opposition groups compiled lists of groups opposed to tid and tried to make the list as diverse and as public as possible. "
1	"this name shows the connection often made in the united states between civic equality concerns and market concerns, which were seen as more effective and generally resonant than strictly environmental arguments (or environmental-sounding group names). "
1	"in contrast, it is more common in france for equality and solidarity justifications to be connected with justifications concerning infrastructure planning and technical efficiency. "
1	"projects like the somport tunnel are often defended by their developers as meeting the needs of citizens (collectively and equally) through the most competent technical planning. "
1	"in fact, the civil servants of the ministry of public works, charged with planning and building infrastructure projects, denounced local opponents of the somport project as trying to protect their own piece of land and remaining stuck in the past, while resisting progress and denying the benefits of the project to all others. "
1	"probably no work presents a better account of what a civic world, at least in its french version, must be, than rousseau's contrat social. "
1	"in the civic polity, as in the domestic polity according to bossuet, civil peace depends on the authority of a sovereign whose position, above the selfish lusts of individuals, secures the common good. "
1	"but rousseau's sovereign is disembodied. "
1	"in the civic world, a sovereign is formed by the convergence of human wills, as citizens give up their particular interests and direct themselves exclusively towards the common good. "
1	"this civic worth counteracts the personal dependencies on which domestic worth is based, as well as the opinions of others which constitute the worth of renown. "
1	"in the civic world, persons are small if seen as particulars, following the dictates of a selfish will, and, in contrast, relevant and worthy if seen as members of the disembodied sovereign, exclusively concerned with the general interest. "
1	"the way the labor force is organized in the field of work is regulated by social laws which are themselves the outcome of the nineteenth-century effort to implement a civic principle of equivalence. "
1	"the peculiarity of the civic world is to lay stress on beings who are not individual beings but collective ones. "
1	"individual human beings can be seen as relevant and worthy only as they belong to a group or as they are the representatives of a collective person. "
1	"in this world, important persons are, therefore, federations, public communities, representatives or delegates. "
1	"their qualities are to be official or statutory. "
1	"the relevant objects are either immaterial as, for example, rules, codes, procedures, or material, as union premises or ballot boxes. "
1	"trustworthy relationships are those which involve or mobilize people for a collective action. "
1	"the preeminence of collectives (higher common principle) \ncollective, all, will (general). "
1	"rule governed and representative\n unitary, legal, rule governed, official, representative, authorized, confirmed, free. "
1	"the aspiration to civil rights (dignity} civil rights, political aspirations, participation. "
1	"collective persons and their representatives\n(subjects) public collectivities, party, federation, chapter, office, committee, elected official, representative, delegate, secretary, member. "
1	"legal forms (objects), rights, legislation, decree, order, measure, courts, formality, procedure, transcript, infringement, capacity (electoral), code, criterion, district, slate (of candidates), program, policy, statement, poster, brochure, ballot, tract, slogan, seat, headquarters, local office, acronym, card. "
1	"the renunciation of the particular\n(investment)\nsolidarity, transcending (divisions), renunciation (of immediate interest), struggle (for a cause). "
1	"relation of delegation (rei.at/on of worth)\nmembership, representation, delegation, oppression (of aspirations). "
1	"gathering for collective action (relationships)\nunify, mobilize, assemble, join, support, appeal, debate (democratically), speak out\n\n(take the floor), inform, codify, legalize, authorize, refer (to a court). "
1	"the democratic republic (figures)\nrepublic, state, democracy, base, electorate, institutions (representative),\nparliament. "
1	"demonstration for a just cause (test)\nassembly, congress, council, meeting, session, movement, presence (manifest the presence of), dispute, recourse, justice\n(demand). "
1	"the verdict of the vote (judgmfnt) voting, election, consultation, mobilization, cause\n(support a) awareness (achieving). "
1	"the legal text (evidence) law (the), rules (legal), statutes. "
1	"division (the fall)\ndivided, minority (in the), particular, isolated, cut off (from the electoral base),\nindividualism (self serving), deviation,\nsubgroup, irregular, arbitrary, annulled, removed. "
1	"\nthe civic world\nthe distinctive feature of the civic world is that it attaches primordial importance to beings that are not persons. "
1	"in this world, the ones who accede to higher states of worth are not human persons but rather the collective persons that they constitute by meeting together. "
1	"insofar as human beings belong to or represent collectives, their worth can be taken into consideration. "
1	"but the very existence of such collective beings, which have no bodies of their own, can easily be challenged: "only individuals truly exist". "
1	"thus the things and arrangements included in the civic world are destined above all to stabilize and equip the collective persons, to objectify them in such a way as to give them body, permanence, and presence. "
1	"a relation of equivalence can be established among beings insofar as they all belong to a collective that includes and transcends them. "
1	"collective beings themselves are included within other, larger collectives, embedded in sets of which the most inclusive is humanity itself. "
1	"persons are all subject to the same justice because everyone possesses a conscience that is fashioned in the image of the collective conscience and because everyone is capable, by listening to the voice of this conscience, of subordinating his or her own will to the general will. "
1	"this act of becoming aware gives persons "the will to organize themselves," that is, to surmount the singularities that divide them in order to bring about the union of all. "
1	"thus a "collective workers' organization" is "open to all workers, whatever their political or philosophical opinions, nationality, age, or sex". "
1	"people's actions are relevant when, as participants in a social movement, they take part in a collective action that gives meaning and justification to their own individual behavior: this "action is not a simple accumulation of positions or individual initiatives but collective action". "
1	"in the civic world, the worthy beings are the masses and the collectives that assemble and organize them. "
1	"their worthiness is qualified first by their dimensions: confederate ("confederate congress"), national or international, and by the fact that they belong to public space as opposed to the "private" world: one speaks of "public agencies". "
1	"moreover, persons or collectives gain in worth when they work toward union, when they strive to "unify" people, to "break down their isolation," to concentrate "the collective power of salaried employees grouped around common objectives," and when they manage to express, in a "unitary concept," the "problems common to all". "
1	"this activity is liberating because it frees people from the oppression of selfish interests. "
1	"the "labor movement," which ensures "the unity of workers," can thus be qualified by its "liberating mission". "
1	"a being can also be qualified as worthy if it is recognized as representative, a term that, in the civic world, designates the way in which other beings are included and the relation of worth among beings. "
1	"to be a representative gives authority within an organization, and confers the capacity to exercise a power. "
1	"the representative is qualified to "accomplish the mission" that is its vocation, its calling. "
1	"thus "only labor unions ... are qualified to negotiate with management". "
1	"the law, for example, confers a "legal character on the representatives of the personnel". "
1	"legality defines a form of worth that is particularly appreciated in this world. "
1	"it belongs to texts when they are regulatory or legislative, to representatives when they are official, to members when they are confirmed as such, to delegates when they are valid: "the validity of the delegate\'s nomination" must be "subordinated to the preexisting constitution of the chapter". "
1	"it is similarly necessary to verify the legality of candidates, who, in order to be eligible, must be free, that is, detached from the   bonds of personal dependence that constitute the worth of people in the civic world: "to be eligible, one must ... not be a near relative or the spouse of the employer". "
1	"this detachment is what guarantees the candidates\' independence and \'\'freedom of speech": one must "respect ... the independence of judgment that is necessary in such circumstances"; and a "lack of independence with respect to management suffices in itself for a labor union to be declared nonrepresentative" freedom is the condition of dignity, because it respects the aspiration of citizens to unity. "
1	"beings may escape from chaos-in this world, that means from division-and thus attain worth because they are naturally political. "
1	"they harbor in themselves an aspiration that inclines them toward what is common, toward what unites them and incites them to break down their isolation. "
1	"this is what confers on them the quality of citizens invested with civil rights: "the salaried employees of the company are presumed to enjoy their civil rights". "
1	"the common aspiration defines the dignity of persons. "
1	"in the civic world, beings are persons when they are capable of having rights and obligations, that is, when they have been created or authorized by an act in which the will of all is expressed. "
1	"the worth of persons depends on the state they are in: as particular persons, they are unworthy because they are reduced to being merely themselves, "isolated individuals," slaves of their own particular interests and condemned to powerlessness; they become worthy when they accede to the general state and make themselves the expression of a general will and the embodiment of a general interest. "
1	"thus the local chapter is a collective person because it assembles several individuals in a form that has been recognized and constituted in a legal process that confers rights upon it: "a chapter may not be instituted ... on the basis of a single person". "
1	"its worth depends on its capacity to bring its members to the general state by mobilizing them around a common interest: "the chapter has to seize the moment when the workers become aware of their exploitation and of the need to fight, in order to transform them into members, into militants". "
1	"in this state, where they are worthy because they have achieved solidarity, individuals are members, militants, representatives, elected officers, collectors, treasurers, secretaries, delegates. "
1	"but the chapter, like the other collective persons of the civic world (offices, committees, federations, confederations, parties, commissions), and like the moral beings that represent the collective interest (elected officials, representatives, delegates) can lose its worth if, backsliding into the particular in the wake of a deviation, it ceases to "function democratically": the union chapter is not exempt from deviations, and it is appropriate to "control the delegates," to remain vigilant. "
1	"if these "fundamental principles" are forgotten, the collective being breaks down and is diluted, becoming no more than a sum of individuals moved by their individual interests: "when interventions (in meetings) are numerous, and contradictory, the final decision can only remain with the delegate or delegates. "
1	"that is why the union chapter has to play its full role under the circumstances, by proposing initiatives. "
1	"indeed, it is inconceivable that it should refuse these responsibilities, that it should be diluted, and disappear at the high points of its action". "
1	"to resist the tendency that attracts them toward the particular, moral beings in the civic world have to be stabilized by means of equipment. "
1	"the collective will from which they derive-and the more general it is, the more worthy it is- must be provided with its own instruments in order to express itself. "
1	"to make itself heard, it requires "seats to be filled," polling places, voting booths, ballots," "measures allowing an electoral campaign to take place normally"- slates of candidates, for example. "
1	"next, in order to sustain their existence, collective persons must assert their presence and acquire headquarters, endowing themselves with a material existence that renders them concrete; they must manifest themselves in objects. "
1	"the claim that a collective person endowed with a "civil status" has its own personality, is indeed a person, is a reasonable one in the civic world. "
1	"yet this fact is challenged from the standpoint of the other worlds, which deny the reality of collective persons and accredit only the diversity of the individual persons of which they are composed. "
1	"in order to make "concrete ... the presence and the active role" of collective persons, material means are used that allow their presence to be brought out in a form accessible to the senses. "
1	"having headquarters indeed constitutes one of the main devices a collective person can use to objectify its existence (see boltanski 1987, 144). "
1	"in order to make itself visible, the chapter, like any other collective person, must have at its disposal the "equipment needed to produce a tract, a typewriter and a copy machine," and it must acquire "useful and indispensable tools in order to express and defend the workers\' interests," such as "highly visible" posters, informative signboards, newsletters, and brochures. "
1	"thus the brochure we are using here as our reference states in its introduction that it "has to be a basic tool for the militants who participate in the life of a chapter". "
1	"if their material existence is to appear in a striking fashion, collective persons must also be circumscribed in space by boundaries, which assign them a sector or district ("electoral district"). "
1	"furthermore, their vocation has to be specified by a definition that spells out the organization\'s goals and thereby endows it with legal existence ("the law itself gives no definition of ... "). "
1	"this definition provides criteria, for example "criteria of representation," and codes making it possible to identify the various collective persons and to distribute among them the individuals whose identity may be defined in turn by their membership in collectives. "
1	"it confers on them a right of presence and a right to vote, prerogatives that are attested by cards, contributions, and receipts: "the receipt for contributions on which the collector records the sums received". "
1	"to maintain their standing, collective persons must also be associated with symbols and emblems, with identifying acronyms: "the acronym must always be clearly apparent". "
1	"possessing neither a body nor sense organs, the will of a collective person, if it is to be clearly expressed, must be summed up in ready-made formulas allowing for repetition by multiple voices without alterations or deviations, such as slogans (which "are to be used often"), resolutions ("the resolution on democratic procedures adopted by the 28th congress"), objectives ("salaried employees banding together around common objectives"), positions ("publicize the union\'s positions"), programs ("the program developed by the national resistance council"), policies ("base our practice on a set of common policies"), or lines ("party lines"). "
1	"in the civic world, one attains worth by sacrifying particular and immediate interests, by transcending oneself, by refusing to place "individual interests ahead of collective interests". "
1	"thus militants renounce "forms of action which only the immediate and sometimes personal interests of the workers are taken into account.    this is the condition of solidarity. "
1	"but people\'s attachment to their own particular interests, their selfishness and their individualism, are such strong tendencies that the creation and maintenance of collectives requires a tireless struggle: "a chapter cannot be created from one day to the next. "
1	"the building of this instrument demands constant struggle against the bosses, who are hostile toward its existence, and at times struggle against oneself". "
1	"collective persons are in fact confronted with a particular difficulty. "
1	"in order to exist, they must express themselves (the right for the union organization to act and express itself directly") in declarations, yet they cannot take the floor except by borrowing the voice of a representative or of a responsible official who tends, as a private individual, to monopolize the interventions that belong to all. "
1	"it is thus necessary to "control the elected officials". "
1	"one may seek to prevent the dissolution of collective persons by codifying them, by subjecting them to a legal obligation, by consecrating them with reference to a legal framework. "
1	"a delegate may, for example, be authorized, "invested with specific functions" that are codified in texts (such as collective conventions), that define his status, acts relating to his competence and the incompatibilities that concern him: "the mandate of delegate is incompatible with the mandate of administrator". "
1	"when the obligation is not respected, subjection to a legal framework ultimately authorizes the collective person to "take any needed steps," to take appropriate recourse ("appeal to the judge"), or to exclude the offender, which precipitates him back into a state of unworthiness. "
1	"civic worth depends first and foremost on membership. "
1	"the person who becomes a member gains in stature because he breaks out of his isolation. "
1	""broad-based membership on the part of the workers" is what constitutes their worth. "
1	"but it is the mechanism of representation that expresses the relation of worth in this world in a specific way. "
1	"the power of representation granted to a person who benefits from a mandate is what authorizes him to encompass others, to speak in their name, to be their spokesperson. "
1	"representatives and delegates are more worthy because their mission is to translate and express the aspirations of the masses. "
1	"they have the capacity to represent the others\' interests, that is, to transform the interests of each into a collective interest: "the feeling of dissatisfaction is spontaneous-the sense that something is wrong. "
1	"the job then is to find out what is wrong, what has to be changed, and tum that into a demand". "
1	"in the civic world, finally, in order to be legitimate, the relation of worth must be exercised within legal forms that define and limit representation according to the domain (political parties, unions, and so on), and according to time (the length of the mandate). "
1	"the legitimate representative must report back to the base, that is, to the people whose association constitutes the collective. "
1	"the principal mode of relation in this world is the association that makes it possible to turn a multitude of individuals into a single person. "
1	"to create a collective, it is necessary to assemble, regroup, reunite, unify. "
1	"the capacity for collective action is manifested by recruiting, extending, implanting, or spurring initiatives: "it may be a matter of an initiative on the part of some workers who, although in the minority, contemplate initiating an action". "
1	"but this world, always inclined to lapse into the particular, requires conscious and active mobilization if it is to hold together. "
1	"persons must be continually on the alert to avoid splintering and to preserve a collective character. "
1	"representatives must be "in close liaison with the workers"; members must "remain in constant contact with the organizations ... and with their policies". "
1	"they must launch appeals, debate democratically, pursue discussions, publicize their policies, inform, and, in order to be heard, multiply explanations as much as possible". "
1	"the civic world, which can develop only in the context of a state, finds its most perfected form in republics and in democracies, which ensure the representation of citizens united in electoral bodies (electorate, electoral college, representative institutions, parliamentary democracy). "
1	"thanks to such institutions, the general will can emanate from the base: "in the framework of these activities, union members know the pulse of the workers. "
1	"if the chapter has a tendency toward apathy, they can arouse it, spur debates, and so on. "
1	"the members are truly at the base of the union chapter". "
1	"democracy is the most appropriate political form for the manifestation of the general will that constitutes the model test for the civic world. "
1	"the peak moments in this world are thus moments of unity, meeting, and membership ("call a meeting of the membership") in which the reality of the collective person is confirmed by the physical presence of its members: demonstrations, movements, assemblies, councils, sessions, congresses. "
1	"these gatherings are particularly favorable to the development of collective worth when they aim at demanding justice by taking recourse to the law to settle a dispute or, better yet, when they provide the opportunity for a reconsideration that appeals to the judgment of all against institutions and against judges accused of monopolizing the law and bending it in favor of the particular interests of certain parties. "
1	"judgment is the expression of the general will that may be manifested in the inner self of each person through the achievement of awareness ("it is within the company that workers begin to become aware that they have common interests"); this may be manifested by a collective reflection or in the form of a mobilization around a cause, or it may use democratic instruments: voting, elections, the designation of representatives. "
1	"the form taken by evidence is the law in which the expression of the general will is inscribed. "
1	"its reality is clear when it is embodied in texts that can be invoked and in legal rules that can be applied: "the new delegates ... will find useful information here on the legal rules that are applicable in such circumstances". "
1	"the polity comes apart when it yields to the particular. "
1	"whatever dilutes, splinters, or restrains is unworthy: "what would the chapter be if it were limited to a restricted number of members?" "
1	"thus the domestic bonds of corporatism are constantly denounced because they divide workers: "corporatist demands that only contribute to dividing the workers still further into different categories". "
1	"beings, when they are not strongly held together by bonds of solidarity, go astray and allow themselves to be led into deviations. "
1	"they dissolve into subgroups, or, worse, into self-serving individualism: "democracy cannot be improvised in this world shaped by individualism". "
1	"they are finally isolated and cut off from the base, and this absence of grounding in the general will gives them an arbitrary character contrary to the rule (irregularity) that leads them toward a fall and annulment (qualities that characterize the greatest deficiency imaginable in the civic world): "salaried workers who have been removed from their union functions"; "irregularities that may lead to the annulment of the elections". ' "
0	"you should understand this context in order to manage the system performance efficiently."
0	"mycat\xe2\x80\x99s target is to smoothly migrate the current stand-alone database and applications to cloud side with low cost and to solve the bottleneck problem caused by the rapid growth of data storage and business scale."
0	"`dm_control` is regularly tested using the following platforms and python"
0	"for security professionals and researchers only."
0	"there is a set of sample penn tree bank (ptb) corpus in `data` directory, which is a popular benchmark for measuring quality of these models."
0	"measurable space can be projected on a piece of paper where part of the test is played out, thanks to the construction of grids, states, graphs, charts, flow charts, frameworks, accounts, indicators."
0	"you don\'t have to be a machine learning expert to add recommendations, object detection, image classification, image similarity or activity classification to your app."
0	"Should you encounter any bugs, glitches, lack of functionality or"
0	"they must also be aware of approaches and practices recommended by experienced industry experts to ensure every use of ai brings overall benefit to mankind."
0	"this functionality can be implemented in software or hardware, running in an appliance device, or in a typical server running a common operating system."
0	"benchmarking and profiling might point you to the following optimizations."
0	"as a community, we no longer hand-engineer our mapping functions, and this work suggests we can achieve reasonable results without hand-engineering our loss functions either."
0	"also, if the progress of your background task cannot be easily measured you might prefer to use an indeterminate progress indicator."
0	"another category of justifications includes arguments where evaluations depend on technical efficiency and professionalism, planning, and longterm investment in infrastructure."
0	"If you use this toolbox or benchmark in your research, please cite this project."
0	"with *anaconda* and other scientific python distributions, so you don't need"
0	"the most interesting part is a feature-rich, persistent collection library that smoothly integrates with java\'s standard collections."
0	"* reliable asynchronous event notifications and guaranteed message delivery"
0	"the proper functioning of beings extends the present into a future, opening up the possibility of prediction."
0	"this instrumental construction of action, implying a spatial and temporal detour by way of objects that serve as relays, is thus envisaged here as a specific feature of the industrial world and not as a property that would be of a higher order of generality characterizing the actions of human beings endowed with reason."
0	"- the core control flow has been rewritten, which fixes several performance and reliability issues about adapter and async content support."
0	"we develop software since 2009, and we\'re known experts in this field."
0	"additionally, it provides a new approximate convergence measure, fast and stable training and high visual quality."
0	"the benchmarks shown are actual screenshots taken from a 2nd gen moto x.<sub>*"
0	"the spatial articulation of objects presupposes a capacity to define that is equipped with a measuring instrument."
0	"b'# tracking progress in natural language processing"
0	"if you test it with such configuration, please provide feedback!"
0	"the operations of standardization and formalization make it possible to see the world through data expressed in numbers, quantified, ready to be processed, combined, added up."
0	"also, if the progress of your background task cannot be easily measured you might prefer to use an indeterminate progress indicator."
0	"none are required for a fully functional vpn server."
0	"modules from the standard library you have to load a single javascript file"
0	"others are implicated in the peak moment when a singular phenomenon emerges, an innovation announcing a break with tradition according to an inspired justification."
0	"    Figure: Training progress of a regularized polynomial regression model fitting <br>"
0	"once connected it can trace your application code, 3rd party modules and modules that are part of the erlang standard libary."
0	"  * v. akbarzadeh, c. gagn\xc3\xa9, m. parizeau, m. argany, m. a mostafavi, "probabilistic sensing model for sensor placement optimization based on line-of-sight coverage", accepted in ieee transactions on instrumentation and measurement, 2012."
0	"numpy is a generic framework for scientific computing; it does not"
0	"is in the "a top-down method for performance analysis and counter architecture""
0	"they should also be reasonably optimized for fast performance while still being easy to read."
0	"the paho project has been created to provide reliable open-source implementations of open and standard messaging protocols aimed at new, existing, and emerging applications for machine-to-machine (m2m) and internet of things (iot)."
0	"It excels at transforming transactional and relational datasets into feature matrices for machine learning using reusable feature engineering "primitives"."
0	"generative adversarial networks (gans) are a learning framework that rely on training a discriminator to estimate a measure of difference between a target and generated distributions."
0	"the description of the constitutive elements of the time and space proper to the industrial world makes it quite clear that the operation of optimization is possible only in an environment of beings of an industrial nature."
0	"we propose an alternative to clipping weights: penalize the norm of gradient of the critic with respect to its input."
0	"efficiency is in fact inscribed in a regular bond between cause and effect."
0	"That means we can quickly audit their behavior and remove them if they request access to information they shouldn\'t (why would an Ad blocker require camera access?)."
0	"test with pre-trained resnet101 models"
0	"> The introduction of these coprocessors to Mac devices, while increasing security in many ways, brings with it all the issues with iOS discussed above, and means that running mac devices securely with complete user control, and without forced network interaction with the Apple mothership in highly sensitive corporate and other environments problematic and risky."
0	"a test suite is also present to complement the functional testing."
0	"however, if not, it is possible (easy in fact) to craft them manually, though it"
0	"think of it as an easy way to get your scripts up on the web for routine data analysis, file processing, or anything else."
0	"these three terms themselves are in a relation of equivalence, because the bond of personal dependence that connects a less worthy person with a superior-always constructed in the image of the father, whose state of worth is highest because he is the incarnation of the tradition-can be conceived in more than one way: since the worthiest person is found at the point of origin, the bond can be read as a link either in the chain of generations or in a hierarchical chain."
0	"many of the arguments in the somport case, in both camps, refer to the harmonious existence of living on the land: what was really significant for me was this land; i did not want to betray this land."
0	"carrying out these duties is what makes "life in common" pleasant, what "makes life enjoyable," what allows individual relation to be harmonious."
0	"\nsuperiors and inferiors\n(subjects) more worthy beings: father,\nking, ancestors,\nparents, family,\ngruwnups, leader,\nboss."
0	"since beings are always defined by a relation of subordination."
0	"this is where upbringing shows its full value ..."
0	"the way pgp works is that you trust key ids instead of jid\'s or email addresses."
0	"the father is principle of cohesion in the family, the one who establishes the link to an origin; like the boss, or, earlier, the king, the father is the one who lifts beings up by means of the dependence in which he holds them and who thus gives them access to all the worth they are capable of achieving according to the level they occupy."
0	"this package provides routines to construct graphs on videos, segment them, build trees out of them, and convert them back to videos."
0	"since beings are always defined by a relation of subordination."
0	"finally, when beings are not directly qualified by belonging to a hierarchical unit (household, guild, and so on), the relation that defines them does not specify their worth, which depends on that of a person with whom they have a relationship: a friend, a confidant, an intimate, a guest, an acquaintance, and so on, may be more or less worthy according to the worth of the other term, and association with a worthy person, which raises one\'s status, is opposed to undesirable associations, which lower it."
0	"but they are also, and for the same reasons, the unique source from which dignity and worth may be drawn, since it is only in contact with them that participation in what constitutes superiority can be achieved."
0	"to have good bearing and to behave correctly and naturally, one must have been well brought up: "drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door."
0	"these three terms themselves are in a relation of equivalence, because the bond of personal dependence that connects a less worthy person with a superior-always constructed in the image of the father, whose state of worth is highest because he is the incarnation of the tradition-can be conceived in more than one way: since the worthiest person is found at the point of origin, the bond can be read as a link either in the chain of generations or in a hierarchical chain."
0	"trust in others, superiors are informed and wise."
0	"engenderment\naccording to tradition\n(higher common principle)\ngeneration,\nhierarchy, tradition."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are not apprehended according to their own worth, as is the case in the industrial world, but essentially according to how much they contribute to establishing hierarchical relations among people (we find examples in objects used in the context of social encounters) and also, according to the degree to which they facilitate the inscription."
0	"betrayal is an extreme case of deficiency, because it disaggregates and takes apart: it finishes the job of setting apart and detaching the person who, by making his independence known on the outside, undermines the unity of the house and thus makes it vulnerable."
0	"one\'s duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak."
0	"- the idea is to guess the regex and craft the next payloads which doesn\'t use the blacklisted keywords."
0	"in order to describe the objects of the domestic world of the present, we used a practical guide teaching good manners and human relations within the company, intended for socially mobile workers who had been promoted to more responsible positions (entitled savoir vivre et promotion)."
0	"it is the parents\' duty to educate proper etiquette and behavior in their children in a continuous, lasting, and thoroughgoing way, so that the children in turn will become well-brought-up adults: "to be well brought up is to know how to conduct oneself correctly in all circumstances."
0	"trust in others, superiors are informed and wise."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are not apprehended according to their own worth, as is the case in the industrial world, but essentially according to how much they contribute to establishing hierarchical relations among people (we find examples in objects used in the context of social encounters) and also, according to the degree to which they facilitate the inscription."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are primarily determined by the way they support and maintain hierarchical relationships among persons."
0	"\nothers: vtsitor, surroundings (members of), neighbors, third party."
0	"the term "natural\' ("drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door") also designates, finally, the character that is revealed in one\'s behavior toward other people and "reflected" in one\'s personal presentation and bearing."
0	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today."
0	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents"."
0	"justifications based on tradition and locality are utilized extensively by opponents of the somport project in france, and there are a variety of rich testimonials from the inhabitants of the aspe valley on the need to preserve a patrimony and way of life cherished by many and upheld in various ways by existing traditions of the region."
0	"but the principle of engenderment is not irrupted to procreation, and within a given household the more worthy beings are the primary causes of the less worthy ones, apart from blood ties: thus the husband (more _worthy) makes a woman his wife (less worthy) by marriage; the master or the mistress of the household contains, and is, the beings included therein: unmarried persons, children, servants, household pets."
0	"conversely, the less worthy, who share by way of personal dependence in the worth of those to whom they are subordinated, are part of the more worthy who include them and who bear responsibility for them."
0	"in this book, important and worthy persons are chiefs, bosses, or even relatives."
0	"thus in this world the forms of the general are identical to the forms of the particular in the industrial or civic worlds."
0	"\nthe rejection of selfishness\n(investment}\nconsideration, duty (and debt), harmony."
0	"think of it as an easy way to get your scripts up on the web for routine data analysis, file processing, or anything else."
0	"\nhierarchical superiority (state of worthiness)\nbenevolent, well brought up, wise,\ndistinguished,\ndiscreet, reserved,\ntrustworthy, honest,\nfaithful."
0	"they can do this by taming their superiors\' honor; this presupposes a compromise with the world of public opinion: "what can be said of the wife who, through her own fault, compromises her husband\'s honor or reputation?""
0	"\nrespect and responsibility\n(relation of worth)\nauthority, subordination,\nrespectability, honor,\nshame."
0	"among the relevant ways to make relationships we note the act of recommending somebody, giving birth, breeding, reproducing or presenting an invitation."
0	"evaluations of this type support hierarchies of reputation and trustworthiness."
0	"the objects that circulate, flowers or gifts, right down to the "smallest courtesy toward others," indicate, by their direction, the relative worth of the persons among whom they are exchanged."
0	"... one must do everything one can to make sure that naturalness results from a good upbringing"."
0	"the typical objects are, for instance, visiting cards, gifts, estates, houses, titles."
0	"carrying out these duties is what makes "life in common" pleasant, what "makes life enjoyable," what allows individual relation to be harmonious."
0	"in bossuet\'s political construction, the king, who is the greatest being, is comparable with a father, who sacrifices himself for his subjects."
0	"thus it is absolutely useless to be distant, bossy, humiliating."
0	"but these arguments are oriented less around the idea of heritage and patrimony in the united states and more in terms of the protection of ones backyard."
0	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents"."
0	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents"."
0	"it is in this way that they are distinguished; the quality of distinction does not presuppose here, as it does in the world of fame, a competition of all against all in a marketplace of esteem, but rather the exclusive judgment of a superior or leader and the elective choice that makes someone stand out from the ranks."
0	"the father is principle of cohesion in the family, the one who establishes the link to an origin; like the boss, or, earlier, the king, the father is the one who lifts beings up by means of the dependence in which he holds them and who thus gives them access to all the worth they are capable of achieving according to the level they occupy."
0	"thus "small gifts nourish friendship" and foster bonding because they call for something in return: "thanks are owed for everything received: flowers, gifts, candy, books, and so on," and- "a sacrosanct principle--every letter requires a reply"."
0	"one\'s duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak."
0	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today."
0	"with tireless attention it targets the unworthy behaviors of the worthy (for example, the bad company they may keep)."
0	"with tireless attention it targets the unworthy behaviors of the worthy (for example, the bad company they may keep)."
0	""new years greetings" create "a family tie and habits of courtesy that characterize well-brought-up children"."
0	"in a domestic world, in which beings can be qualified according to an extensive range of different states of worthiness, the less worthy are always present and designated as such because they are the very substance with which the worth of the more worthy that include them is constructed."
0	"it is through upbringing that naturalness is transmitted."
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"in the french case, arguments of this sort are found in the call by project opponents to protect the regions treasured culture and heritage (patrimoine in french), of which the valleys landscape is a significant part."
0	"the order of the world can be grasped in its full generality through the unfolding of uniqueness."
0	"in this model one must, to evaluate someone\'s worth, know his place in the network of dependencies from which this person draws his own authority."
0	"the trust stores (mozilla, microsoft, etc.)"
0	"similarly, less worthy beings are equivalent and no particular feature of childhood distinguishes small children from the other subordinate beings (unmarried persons, servants, and so on) for whom the more worthy beings are responsible."
0	"when beings belong to the same household, the relationship is one of order."
0	"the person who commits an act of betrayal is thereby excluding himself and reducing himself to a nonentity."
0	"\nfamily ceremonies\n(test) celebration,\nbirth, death,\nmarriage, social\nevents, conversation,\ndistinction,\nnomination."
0	"tests thus often take the form of confirmations; this is apparent in the archaic expressions of the domestic world offered by fairy tales, which are saturated with anecdotes in which a worthy person, disguised as someone of lesser worth, is subjected to a test that reveals his own inherent worthiness (for example, "the princess and the pea")."
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"thus parents whose children treat them."
0	"nevertheless, less worthy persons "avoid familiarity with their hierarchical superior, even if they know him personally, especially in front of third parties."
0	"with tireless attention it targets the unworthy behaviors of the worthy (for example, the bad company they may keep)."
0	""only habit gives poise," because it makes good manners natural ("natural courtesy")."
0	"upbringing, which produces "the well-brought-up person" in whom reserve is combined with poise, is in the end precisely what associates the worthy state with generation, a relation that is established here (as is often the case when an utterance reveals what lies at the heart of the natural order) in the mode of what we shall designate further on by the term "desecration": "those who hold or who believe they hold the secrets of a good upbringing claim that it takes at least three generations to produce a wellbrought-up man"."
0	"bitcoin has the highest level of support, including keys, transactions, validation of signed transactions, and"
0	"possess (relation of worth) interest (to) (relations} buy, get (for oneself), sell, business (do business with), negotiate, benefit (from), market, pay, compete. the market world must not be confused with a sphere of economic relations."
0	"there is no minimum monthly contract or a setup fee."
0	"pyalgotrade is an **event driven algorithmic trading** python library."
0	"in no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software."
0	"market worth is not so very different from the worths that serve as examples for the notion of hierarchy, the domestic order of authority, or the industrial order of competence."
0	"we are the preferred choice for communication products of all types and the fastest growing gif service on the market."
0	"them is not a happy owner of android device yet it\'s truly hoped performance is not that poor on actual device compared"
0	"in the manual we are using, the author recounts a scene in which the participants are playing with the limits of humanity and having fun by attributing to nonhuman beings this dignity of desire, this capacity to love or to hate."
0	"*if you\'re a dataset owner and wish to update any part of it (description,*"
0	"i\'ve been doing mainly this project for over a year now, and even though i\'m not making money off of it, i would be extremely appreciative for any contributions to help pay for the domain and the website\'s vps."
0	"arguments involving market justifications evaluate worth based on the price or economic value of goods and services in a competitive market."
0	"anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or\r"
0	"google maps apis premium plan customers can use their [client id and secret][clientid] to authenticate,"
0	"here, too, the adoption of this approach to the market world makes it possible to dispel ambiguities about freedom and liberalism."
0	"* implementation for consumer driven contracts (cdc) and distributed tracing"
0	"[**(29) why do i get \'the item you requested is not available for purchase\'?"
0	"the common identification of objects of a market nature is closely linked to the requirements of aggrandizement in a market world, to the investment formula that ensures access to the common good by means of a sacrifice."
0	"each service runs a unique process and communicates through a well-defined, lightweight mechanism to serve a business goal."
0	"the transaction presupposes that people have enough perspective and that the object is detached enough to allow the play of competition with others."
0	"similarly, the implications of a theoretical slippage from a market of goods to a market of contracts are not clearly distinguished, since the role of the hypothesis of the objectivity of a medium for the expression of competing desires is not taken into account."
0	"opportunism (investment) liberty, opening, attention to others, sympathy, detachment, distance (emotional), perspective (getting some)."
0	"* **[donate $2799]**: go buddy, buy macbook pro for yourself!"
0	"price, which sanctions the test by modifying the distribution of worths, takes into account the negotiation between the two subjects involved."
0	"> That the activation verification mechanism is designed specifically to rely on unique device identifiers that are associated with payment information at purchase and actively associated on a continuing basis by Apple for every Apple-hosted service that the device interacts with (Apple ID-based services, softwareupdate, iMessage, FaceTime, etc.)"
0	"the code can be downloaded, customized with your logo, and run on any google app engine account."
0	"for commercial customers, the database contents are saved automatically by default."
0	"golem is a decentralized marketplace for computing power."
0	"it might be preferable to recognize that the freedom of free-market liberalism has meaning only insofar as it is an expression of choice for external goods, and that this externality is acquired only if one starts out with a detachment that presupposes seeing others the way one sees oneself."
0	"| 121  | [best time to buy and sell stock][121]   | array, dynamic programmin                |"
0	"worthy objects are salable goods that have a strong position in a market."
0	"support requests for services that **do** purchase the rights to distribute their content are perfectly fine though."
0	"the price of an object is the proof of the attachment of others to the good that one is holding."
0	"the business will benefit from faster time-to-market, reduced operational costs, maximized application lifetime, and the flexibility to integrate with new or existing technologies."
0	"    search for `arouter helper` in the android studio plugin market, or directly download the `arouter-idea-plugin` zip installation package listed in the `latest version` above the documentation, after installation"
0	"        trading.make_trades(companies)"
0	"the construction of the market is neither more nor less a metaphysics than the construction of the orders that refer to trust and tradition or to the general will."
0	"in a market world, important persons are buyers and sellers."
0	"* repository\'s owner explicitly say that "this library is not maintained"."
0	"the selfishness of subjects in the market world has to go hand in hand, if any order is to result from their competition, with clear-sightedness as to the limits of selves; this is the other side of the picture, where the common identification of external goods is concerned."
0	"### focus on business capabilities and running a product"
0	"  we decompose the detection framework into different components and one can easily construct a customized object detection framework by combining different modules."
0	"i\'ve been doing mainly this project for over a year now, and even though i\'m not making money off of it, i would be extremely appreciative for any contributions to help pay for the domain and the website\'s vps."
0	"buy it from amazon, it is not expensive ($72)."
0	"\t        vendor: samsung electro-mechanics(thailand)"
0	"buy now and sell at close or sell short now and buy to cover at close."
0	"      the server issuing access tokens to the client after successfully authenticating the resource owner and obtaining authorization."
0	"rooted in the world of fame (and not in the industrial or market world), a business enterprise can be thus defined as a sender addressing a receiver: "the sender, that is, the company, and the receiver, that is, the public"."
0	""the public has a real allergy to secrets"."
0	"this nonessentialist and purely relational character of the worth of fame may be precisely what has encouraged its adoption as a universal standard of measure by the schools of thought within the social sciences that like to highlight the structural and relativist properties of the social world."
0	"the demonstration is patent when this convergence is visible owing to the affluence of the world and can thus amplify itself on its own like a fashion: "it is well known that the world attracts the world and that the circus atmosphere (in the good sense) is always a safe bet"."
0	"one can intervene in this communications network, manipulate it in order to plant an image, launch or promote a product "information emanating from the press, personalities, opinion leaders" "appears in the public eye" and, by orienting and manipulating the image transmitted to the public, it positions the product."
0	"much attention was given by the media to a visit by senator barbara boxer to the region, when she came out against the dam."
0	"to include others is to be recognized by others, to attract their attention, to convince them, to obtain respect from them, to earn or win their support."
0	"consequently, the message may take on the form of a true message, it may communicate some information, or it may be only an ambiance, a climate that is created and that acts almost unconsciously on the audience present"."
0	"this is the case, for example, with opinion leaders "whose opinion prevails and who determine public opinion," journalists who judge whether or not public opinion is "receptive" or not, public relations agents, hostesses, spokesperson, and press agents."
0	"persons are relevant inasmuch as they form a public whose "opinion prevails," a public "that creates public opinion" and thereby constitutes the only "true" reality: "isn't an opinion also a reality?""
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"it is essential to "have the (company] leaders interviewed if they are well known; it is obvious that via a statement made or a position taken by mr. x, a big name, the company of which mr. x is president will be in the limelight"."
0	"however, arrangements of worth may include persons who are neither big names nor their jam but who serve as judges responsible for focusing attention on the worth established by fame."
0	"a surgeon and an explorer may be equivalent when they are considered from the standpoint of fame: "when a cosmonaut, a famous surgeon who has done successful heart transplants, or a celebrated explorer is featured at a company event, this is certain to attract the attention of the public"."
0	"also, there has been quite a lot of national and international press coverage of the large protests against the project."
0	"trpt worked with national environmental groups including american rivers, which publishes an annual list of "the ten most endangered rivers" in the united states and generates a great deal of national media coverage."
0	"\nthe evidence of success (evidence) known."
0	"subjected to such influences, opinion creates fashion; it circulates the way a rumor does in a communications network, and thus imparts value to the beings of that nature whose fame spreads mutually from one to another: "if for example a company succeeds in inviting big names, stars, the reputation of those big names will carry over to the company itself"."
0	"to include others is to be recognized by others, to attract their attention, to convince them, to obtain respect from them, to earn or win their support."
0	"the presentation may take the form of a press conference, "during which some important information is transmitted to journalists," or it may take the form of an inauguration or launching "that brings together big names, carefully chosen and important audiences, and journalists," and which makes it possible, while producing "as great a sensation as possible, ... to alert visitors and incite them to come in"."
0	"subjected to such influences, opinion creates fashion; it circulates the way a rumor does in a communications network, and thus imparts value to the beings of that nature whose fame spreads mutually from one to another: "if for example a company succeeds in inviting big names, stars, the reputation of those big names will carry over to the company itself"."
0	"the right way of making relations is, then, to influence, to identify oneself to somebody, to appeal to or to speak about somebody, or to gossip and spread rumors."
0	"  * hall of fame of the best individuals that lived in the population"
0	"to include others is to be recognized by others, to attract their attention, to convince them, to obtain respect from them, to earn or win their support."
0	"public relations offices are used to stimulate the process by creating "a network of free press agents"."
0	"\ngiving up secrets (investment) reveal."
0	"again, the denunciations of these renown tactics also reveal the significance of public attention in contributing to the fate of the project."
0	"these crisscrossed comparisons weave a network."
0	"for this reason, disputes may arise when a gap between self-esteem and recognition by others comes to light: in this world, other people's recognition is reality."
0	"\'path\' has a very attractive menu sitting on the left bottom corner of the screen."
0	"\'path\' has a very attractive menu sitting on the left bottom corner of the screen."
0	"also, there has been quite a lot of national and international press coverage of the large protests against the project."
0	"selflove is what creates their dignity as human beings."
0	"\'path\' has a very attractive menu sitting on the left bottom corner of the screen."
0	"the term strength, although it is ambiguous, is used in the manual we are referring to here, as it is in hobbes's canonical texts, especially in the evocation of the way in which a famous person encompasses his public and increases in stature in proportion to its support."
0	"    newsblur\'s followers are largely technical."
0	"to be known, one must agree to reveal everything, keep nothing back, hide nothing from one\'s public."
0	"the regular publication of surveys thus contributes to ensuring the transparency of the state of worthiness of famous beings who cannot hide the fluctuations of their standing."
0	"mills attempts to play down the national renown of the clavey by pointing out that most of the people who wrote opposition letters were "outsiders" who would never see the river and had no "stake" in the dispute."
0	"The brand name ERPNext and the logo are trademarks of Frappe Technologies Pvt."
0	"this is the feature andy warhol was alluding to in his famous announcement that a world is coming in which "everyone will have fifteen minutes of fame"."
0	"\nstars and their fans (subjects) personality (a famous), opinion leader, spokesperson,\nrelay, journalist,\npublic relations agent."
0	"thus, for example, "the press, in all its forms, allows employees of a company to compare their company, their own working conditions and salaries, to other companies in the same sector, or even in other sectors"."
0	"turning the press into an instrument ensures the objectification of this demonstration by its repercussions, the sensation that is produced: "the press is generally quick to echo the rumor and unconfirmed reports it picks up"."
0	"talking about something, mentioning it, dropping a name, and publishing a book are all ways of "getting a message across," of releasing, spreading a piece of information."
0	"as instruments for the worth of fame, objects that represent compromises with the industrial and civic worlds may be used, for example, public opinion surveys; by means of an industrial apparatus, these supply a "yardstick for opinion" or for the penetration of a message, that is, "the fraction expressed in terms of the percentage of a population reached by a given medium"."
0	"however, both cases involve attempts at gaining media attention or influencing the impressions of an audience who might not know the issues in-depth."
0	"worth is nothing but the result of other people's opinion in the world of renown."
0	"in the same way, "questioned by someone from outside his own company ... , the participant wants to be able to explain what his own role is, and to be respected everywhere, since part of the reputation of the company for which he works reflects back on him"."
0	"It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive statistical graphics."
0	"the judgment may be supported, as we have already seen, by survey techniques that allow the establishment of a measure, a standing that helps reassure the celebrities of the undeniable worth that they are afforded by the recognition granted them."
0	"these crisscrossed comparisons weave a network."
0	"justifications based on renown and public opinion ["renown" worth] while all orders of justifications involve arguments designed to gain public support, the standard for judgment and evaluation of arguments in the other orders is not the extent of public knowledge or renown itself."
0	"you are welcomed to add more test cases to this project, increasing the"
0	"in this city, the great man is a \'plunderer of ideas\' (serieyx, 1993)."
0	"whether you\'re building a custom app for your team, or integrating a third party service into your slack workflows, slack developer kit for python allows you to leverage the flexibility of python to get your project up and running as quickly as possible."
0	"contrariwise, it is negative when an inability to maintain or develop links and to liaise with others disqualifies the applicant."
0	"they must also show themselves capable of becoming established in them, by forging links that last as long as is necessary."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"in the clavey case, for example, dam opponents made the arguments that wild places like the clavey must be preserved because they have been entrusted to our stewardship by past generations and we must pass them on the future generations."
0	"an exhibition on the bears in the valley town of accous tells the "fabulous story of a mythical animal"."
0	"the green characterization of "natural" heritage is particularly oriented toward future generations."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"we cannot take care of bears without taking care of the forest or the pastures, because the bears are demanding"."
0	"these claims became crucial points of contention and debate, and were given explicit consideration in the decision-making by the government agencies involved."
0	"the courting of the me-wuk tribes endorsement was clearly important both because of its political appeal (politicians are known to be sensitive to "native" issues), and because their attachment to the land makes them the most legitimate "spokespersons for the land"."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"in france, the notion of a "sublime" and "wild" nature is commonly found in the somport dispute, as in the clavey dispute. "if you touch the aspe valley, if you want to make it more accessible, if you give it over to concrete and trucks, it would be a crime against beauty, an acid facelift of the noble visage of a distinguished old lady"."
0	"they emphasized the integration of valley habitats: "the bear is an integrator."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"one of her primary self-descriptions is as a "gatherer". one who collects plants, particularly mushrooms, from the ancestral lands which surround the clavey and she often describes her gathering as a ritual, "sacred" cultural practice (something her elders taught her)."
0	"petetin says, "the indian culture is a culture shared by men and women who lived in harmony with nature all year around, without spoiling it, while using its richness, while loving it, while knowing it"."
0	"the clavey activist wally anker combines arguments in this way by saying first that the clavey is "the only place i know that is the same today as it was during the ice age," then saying that his family has lived near the clavey for generations, and he wants to preserve the clavey so his grandchildren can have the same attachment to it."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"when used by environmentalists, however, these arguments generally mean "untouched by development" rather than untouched by man at all."
0	"one of her primary self-descriptions is as a "gatherer". one who collects plants, particularly mushrooms, from the ancestral lands which surround the clavey and she often describes her gathering as a ritual, "sacred" cultural practice (something her elders taught her)."
0	"the green order of worth is revealed in distinctly "green" qualifications, such as the "health" of trout in the clavey river valued as something that is good for humanity, which are not considered relevant in any other order."
0	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover."
0	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g."
0	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover."
0	"for example, there are similar arguments in both cases about the value of being attached for a long time to a land that has been passed down through several generations of ones family, and these are then combined with arguments about the natural value of the land and the need to preserve it for the future."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"this cohabitation problem is found in both cases, but is perhaps more central in france, where the connection between wild nature and domesticated nature has been built up over time."
0	"the tribal member most active in the clavey controversy is a grandmother named phyllis harness, who expressed her attachment to the clavey in many ways, including the fact that her grandson is named "clavey"."
0	"the tribal member most active in the clavey controversy is a grandmother named phyllis harness, who expressed her attachment to the clavey in many ways, including the fact that her grandson is named "clavey"."
0	"these claims became crucial points of contention and debate, and were given explicit consideration in the decision-making by the government agencies involved."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"when mitigations to infrastructure plans are proposed to make them more environmentally sensitive. these types of justifications     which might add a new "order of worth" to the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme have become more refined and widespread since the rise of the global environmental movement in the past few decades, but they also have important historical and cultural precursors."
0	"in france, the notion of a "sublime" and "wild" nature is commonly found in the somport dispute, as in the clavey dispute. "if you touch the aspe valley, if you want to make it more accessible, if you give it over to concrete and trucks, it would be a crime against beauty, an acid facelift of the noble visage of a distinguished old lady"."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"the clavey activist wally anker combines arguments in this way by saying first that the clavey is "the only place i know that is the same today as it was during the ice age," then saying that his family has lived near the clavey for generations, and he wants to preserve the clavey so his grandchildren can have the same attachment to it."
0	"the tribal member most active in the clavey controversy is a grandmother named phyllis harness, who expressed her attachment to the clavey in many ways, including the fact that her grandson is named "clavey"."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"a voluntary association in the aspe valley, fiep, is in fact entirely dedicated to promoting harmonious "cohabitation," particularly by working to "let shepherds and bears live together in the pyrenees"."
0	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans"."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"a voluntary association in the aspe valley, fiep, is in fact entirely dedicated to promoting harmonious "cohabitation," particularly by working to "let shepherds and bears live together in the pyrenees"."
0	"and our analysis adds an important comparative dimension missing from most previous work on environmental rhetoric by asking what differences might exist in the content or use of "green" arguments or images in these two countries, which have different environmental histories and movements. justifications based on "green-ness" and environmentalism ["green" worth] many examples in previous sections refer to nature or the environment within an evaluation based on non-environmental justifications and principles, e.g."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"in france the idea of "domesticated nature" is not necessarily set against "untouched wilderness" as in the united states53 while the clavey debate often concerns separating what is to be untouched and what is not, this is not always the case in the somport debate, and there are instead connections made between the domestic life of the valley and its natural life."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"for example, one reason offered against the road-tunnel project was, "the survival of the large pyrenean scavenger birds depends on the perennial continuation of traditional practices such as mountain transhumance"."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"the green characterization of "natural" heritage is particularly oriented toward future generations."
0	"and our analysis adds an important comparative dimension missing from most previous work on environmental rhetoric by asking what differences might exist in the content or use of "green" arguments or images in these two countries, which have different environmental histories and movements. justifications based on "green-ness" and environmentalism ["green" worth] many examples in previous sections refer to nature or the environment within an evaluation based on non-environmental justifications and principles, e.g."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"these claims became crucial points of contention and debate, and were given explicit consideration in the decision-making by the government agencies involved."
0	"Petetins reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"he contrasts wild bears with non-wild bears put in zoos, and compares this to the contrast between genuine humans and non-genuine humans who are forced by environmental restrictions to live in a "reservation of humans like a reservation of indians"     in this way he uses cohabitation ironically as a defense of the project and at the same time denounces his opponent, who often identifies himself with the native indian ideal of living in harmony with the land. native "indian" attachments to sites makes an ideal of the intimate connections of native indians to their culturally significant sites."
0	"in exploring the category of "green" justifications, we contribute fresh insight into the literature on environmental discourse or rhetoric, particularly the understanding of the different conceptions of wilderness and nature in the united states and france, and of the relations of humans (and human communities) and nature."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"animals can of course be included in these evaluations of wild places as part of our heritage, but animals have their own attachment to the wild place in terms of their "habitat," an attachment which environmentalism wants to preserve as part of "heritage"."
0	"in addition to the bears, other animals were put forward as endangered by the project, including a unique sort of amphibious mole. untouched wilderness in the clavey case, there are numerous arguments about keeping the clavey "free-flowing," "untouched," "pristine," and "the way it was long before humans arrived"."
0	"for example, one reason offered against the road-tunnel project was, "the survival of the large pyrenean scavenger birds depends on the perennial continuation of traditional practices such as mountain transhumance"."
0	"this cohabitation problem is found in both cases, but is perhaps more central in france, where the connection between wild nature and domesticated nature has been built up over time."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"the courting of the me-wuk tribes endorsement was clearly important both because of its political appeal (politicians are known to be sensitive to "native" issues), and because their attachment to the land makes them the most legitimate "spokespersons for the land"."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"the manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas."
0	"what is worthy is what cannot be controlled or -even more importantly- what cannot be measured, especially in its industrial forms."
0	"worthy persons in the inspired world understand other beings, encompass them and bring them to fulfillment, not by representing what they all have in common (as spokespersons do in the civic world, for example), but rather by asserting their own uniqueness."
0	"given its weak level of accouterment, this world tolerates the existence of internal tests that are minimally objectifiable, if at all."
0	"escape from habits (investment)."
0	"this mode of translation is opposed to everything that, in other worlds, and once again especially in the industrial world, grasps movement in the accomplishment of a determination, in a trajectory that is predictable and thus "boring.""
0	"this library was made by possible based on code and design inspiration from these sources:"
0	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves."
0	"we want designers to be as creative as possible to better serve end users, and developers to dedicate their time programming the core functionality and forget about repetitive tasks such as ui implementation."
0	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange.""
0	"all the things that support and outfit equivalence in the other worlds, such as measures, rules, money, hierarchy, and laws, are missing here."
0	"artists do not necessarily reject public marks of reputation or financial recognition, but they must, in order to be allowed to accept them, make a compromise, which is always difficult to reach, with another kind of worth, say, for example, with that of renown or of the market."
0	"adventure, quest, mental voyage, pathfinding, lived experience."
0	"create, discover, quest, imagine, dream, explode (cause to)."
0	"in this state, one grasps the world by way of impressions and feelings, through an aura of happiness, vertigo, fear and trembling, for the real world is not directly accessible to the senses."
0	"evidence takes the form of an affective state, a feeling that is spontaneous, involuntary, and fleeting; its validity demands neither approval from others (as it would in the world of fame) nor the construction of a routine that stabilizes relationships among objects (as it would in the industrial world)."
0	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths.""
0	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths.""
