category	text
1	"for java projects, to use this library, add this to your build.gradle file: "
1	"this signifies its a project. "
1	"debezium is an open source project that provides a low latency data streaming platform for change data capture (cdc). "
1	"library project, and the bottom one the demo project. "
1	"towards 2020...so...if you are using python2 in your projects you should "
1	"are standalone projects that showcase the usage of grpc. "
1	"ensure the file exists at the root of your project. "
1	"so you can freely extend existing commands in a project without needing access to the source code that created them. "
1	"at the root of your project with the following contents: "
1	"cactus makes it easy to relatively link to pages and static assets inside your project by using the template tags "
1	" - copy `hellocharts-library-<version>.jar` into the `libs` folder of your application project. "
1	"all files in the directories active_projects and old_projects, which by and large generate the visuals for 3b1b videos, are copyright 3blue1brown. "
1	"in view of the issues with the swagger codegen 3.0.0 (beta) release and the disagreement on the project\'s direction, more than 40 top contributors and template creators of swagger codegen decided to fork swagger codegen and maintain a community-driven version called "openapi generator". "
1	"from the window that appears select general > existing projects into workspace. "
1	"you are welcomed to add more test cases to this project, increasing the "
1	"use this version for projects that requires java 6 or need the jmagick support. "
1	"libraries used in this project "
1	"you are talking about code completion in a project, you can configure the python "
1	"alternatively, just import the project using your ide. "
1	"### Will I be able to use pix2code for my own frontend projects? "
1	"This project includes algorithms focused on Bayes theorem, neural networks, SVMs, Matrices, etc... "
1	"* style shifting (described in this project) "
1	"there are two project suites included: "
1	"### loading the project into eclipse with gradle "
1	"if you would like to support this project\'s further development, the creator of this project or the continuous maintenance of this project, feel free to donate. "
1	"move to the folder where you have the project, and call: "
1	"* view organization public repositories and activity "
1	"then use it in your project code: "
1	"* create *volley.jar* and include as *jar dependency* to your project. "
1	"feel free to open a new ticket if you have any suggestions on how the project could be enhanced. "
1	"this is a script which generates a list of compiler flags from a project with an arbitrary build system. "
1	"development project, if you need import should `gradle` version is 1.2.3 => gradle.2.8 "
1	"tron is a project dedicated to building the infrastructure for a truly decentralized internet. "
1	"almost all the magic now happens in either `tile` or `tileview` - if you understand those 2 classes, you understand the majority of the project. "
1	"you can manually drag it from "products" under your fake framework project to "
1	"maven needs a file named [pom.xml][mvn-project] in the root of the project. "
1	"this project gives the opportunity to use your phone even with a broken screen. "
1	"there is also an example blog project included. "
1	"like to contribute to the project, you are very welcome. "
1	"with this nuwa project\xef\xbc\x8cyou can also have the repairing power, fix your android applicaiton without have to publish a new apk to the appstore. "
1	"when the project is in the incubator phase, the version number is 0.x.x. "
1	"    project so it can suggest items outside your current tu and also provides "
1	"for a quick overview of the project structure, installation instructions and "
1	"if you have any new idea about this project, feel free to tell me ,tks. "
1	"a project initiated by octo technology  "
1	"The server only works for projects with "
1	"Edit a Java file from your project. "
1	"the ability to trend usage patterns on a global scale, yet decompose them down to a region, availability zone, or service team provides incredible flexibility. "
1	"this project has been pushed to maven central, both in `aar` and `apklib`. "
1	"if you want to use this *timeline*  in your project, you have to do the following. "
1	"if no-one else is using your branch, please rebase it against the current master (or other target branch in the main project). "
1	"#### updating your project to use the new scripts "
1	"unfortunately, the youtube-dl project has grown too large to use personal email as an effective communication channel. "
1	"  it is the coordinator of the transaction and uses netty communication framework to communicate with participants and initiators. "
1	"- any kind of act, activity or business that requires any kind of governmental authorization or license to legally occur or exist, without previously obtaining such authorization or license; "
1	"     *A collection of the most active internet archiving communities and initiatives. "
1	"i could increase my physical activity, say start training for a mini-marathon, but that\'s not something i felt comfortable with. "
1	"the purpose of this project is to let you easily download and install new linux distributions under windows subsystem for linux and seamlessly switch between them. "
1	"You can use Gitter to communicate with people who are also interested in Auto-Keras. "
1	"- any kind of act, activity or business involving dangerous or controlled goods or substances, including stolen goods, firearms, radioactive materials or drugs. "
1	"  - simple none parent-child communication and parent-child communication  "
1	"This allows ease of use for novices and flexibility for experts. "
1	"alternatively, you can also install from source of this git repository, which will give you more flexibility in developing on top of stanfordnlp and training your own models. "
1	"the business will benefit from faster time-to-market, reduced operational costs, maximized application lifetime, and the flexibility to integrate with new or existing technologies. "
1	"our elite teams challenge themselves to build extraordinary experiences by bridging the latest strategy and design thinking with enterprise-grade software development. "
1	"if you have problems and ideas to communicate with me, you can contact me in the following ways. "
1	"whether you\'re building a custom app for your team, or integrating a third party service into your slack workflows, slack developer kit for python allows you to leverage the flexibility of python to get your project up and running as quickly as possible. "
1	"an untrained instance of chatterbot starts off with no knowledge of how to communicate. "
1	"so i hope to share and communicate with the all of you. "
1	"datashader is part of the pyviz initiative for making python-based visualization tools work well together. "
1	"feel free to adapt, change, ignore, or even challenge everything we write! "
1	"For personal communication related to BERT, please contact Jacob Devlin "
1	""**google\'s neural machine translation system: bridging the gap between human and machine translation**". "
1	"interested in working on more unique projects like spruce? "
1	"many open source software projects use git, java, and maven, but requiring docker is less common. "
1	"interested in working on more unique projects like hyperion? "
1	"mindsdb\'s goal is to give developers easy access to the power of artificial neural networks for their projects.[! "
1	"a number of great projects exist to provide credstash compatability with other languages. "
1	"the projective city "
1	"this city is founded on the mediating activity employed in the creation of networks, making it valuable in its own right, independently of the goals pursued or the substantive properties of the entities between which the mediation is conducted. "
1	"from this standpoint, mediation is a value in itself, or rather, in the conceptual framework employed here, a specific status of which each actor is liable to take advantage when \'putting people in contact\', \'making connections\', thereby helping to \'construct networks\'. "
1	"entertaining the hypothesis that we are witnessing the formation of a new city, where the tests that matter involve constructing or loosening connections in a network world, obviously does not mean that the establishment of networks represents a radical new departure. "
1	"but it is as if we had to wait until the last third of the twentieth century for the activity of mediating, the art of making and using the most diverse and remote kinds of connection, to be autonomized - separated from the other forms of activity it had hitherto been bound up with - and identified and valued for itself. "
1	"principle of judgement and hierarchy of beings in the projective city according to the grammar employed by us, the <common superior principle> is the principle in accordance with which acts, things and persons are judged in a given city. "
1	"the <decline of the city>, like the <condition of little person>, refers to situations where behavior is deemed unsatisfactory by the city\'s values. "
1	"if the <condition of little person> in the new city applies to bad (individual) behaviour in a world of projects, the <decline of the city> involves unsatisfactory rhizomorphous forms, \'bad networks\'. "
1	"activity, projects, extension of the network, proliferation of connections <common superior principle> "
1	"in a projective city, the general equivalent - what the status of persons and things is measured by - is activity. "
1	"but in contrast to what we observe in the industrial city, where activity merges with work and the active are quintessentially those who have stable, productive waged work, activity in the projective city surmounts the oppositions between work and non-work, the stable and the unstable, wage-earning class and non-wage-earning class, paid work and voluntary work, that which may be assessed in terms of productivity and that which, not being measurable, eludes calculable assessment. "
1	"\'[simultaneous] development of all the categories in the portfolio\' is therefore indicated: \'thanks to the multiplicity of clients, work for fees offers a certain guarantee of activity. "
1	"self-educational work helps improve the chances of remaining active and voluntary work makes it possible to construct social networks outside work, to participate actively in progress towards a better world and to transmit wisdom to others\' (aubrey, 1994). "
1	"activity aims to generate projects, or to achieve integration into projects initiated by others. "
1	"but the project does not exist outside of the encounter (not being integrated once and for all into an institution or environment, it presents itself as an action to be performed, not as something that is already there). "
1	"hence the activity par excellence is integrating oneself into networks and exploring them, so as to put an end to isolation, and have opportunities for meeting people or associating with things proximity to which is liable to generate a project. "
1	"activity expresses itself in the multiplicity of projects of all kinds that may be pursued concurrently and which, no what matter what happens, must be elaborated successively, since the project represents a transient mechanism in this logic. "
1	"life is conceived as a succession of projects; and the more they differ from one another, the more valuable they are. "
1	"characterization of these projects according to categories that are apposite in other cities (whether familial, affective, educative, artistic, religious, charitable, etc. "
1	"and above all their classification according to the distinction between that which pertains to leisure and that which relates to work, is not what matters in this city\'s logic, except in a very subsidiary fashion. "
1	"what matters is to develop activity that is to say, never to be short of a project, bereft of an idea, always to have something in mind, in the pipeline, with other people whom one meets out of a desire to do something. "
1	"when they engage in a project, everyone concerned knows that the undertaking to which they are about to contribute is destined to last not a limited period of time - that it not only can, but must, come to an end. "
1	"the prospect of an inevitable, desirable endpoint thus accompanies engagement without affecting enthusiasm. "
1	"this is why engagement is conceived as voluntary. "
1	"having the option not to engage in a given project, and hence choice over one\'s projects, is a condition for the city\'s harmonious functioning; and this condition is guaranteed by the multiple activities everyone develops. "
1	"furthermore, awareness that the project will come to an end is accompanied by the hope that a new project will follow, that it is already in gestation in the fabric of current connections, even if it is not yet known what form it will take. "
1	"accordingly, tension between the requisite commitment and the indicated outcome appears surmountable. "
1	"anything can attain the status of a project, including ventures hostile to capitalism. "
1	"describing every accomplishment with a nominal grammar that is the grammar of the project erases the differences between a capitalist project and a humdrum creation (a sunday club). "
1	"utterly different things can be assimilated to the term \'project\': opening a new factory, closing one, carrying out art-engineering project, putting on a play. each of them is a project, and they all involve the same heroism. "
1	"this is one of the ways in which the projective city can win over forces hostile to capitalism: by proposing a grammar that transcends it, which they in turn will use to describe their own activity while remaining oblivious of the fact that capitalism, too, can slip into it. "
1	"it is precisely because the project is a transient form that it is adjusted to a network world: by multiplying connections and proliferating links, the succession of projects has the effect of extending networks. "
1	"the extension of the network is life itself, whereas any halt to its extension is comparable to death: \'the network spontaneously tends to develop, but it is constantly threatened by the risks of internal ossification or degeneration that can result in death, which might consist in its transformation into a pyramidal organization\' (landier, 1991). "
1	"those without a project who no longer explore networks are threatened with exclusion - that is to say, in effect, with death in a reticular universe. "
1	"they risk not finding a way to attach themselves to projects, and ceasing to exist. "
1	"the development if oneself and one\'s employability (\'being the agent of one\'s own evolution, taking control of one\'s future\' [le saget, 1994]), which is the long-term personal project underlying all the others, will not be successfully accomplished. "
1	"\nconnection <natural relations between beings> connecting, communicating, co-ordinating, adjusting to others, trusting\nin a connexionist world, a natural preoccupation of human beings is the desire to connect with others, to make contact, to make connections, so as not to remain isolated. "
1	"to succeed, they must trust and be trusted, know how to communicate discuss openly, and also be capable of adjusting to other people and situations\' depending on what the latter demand of them, without being held back; timidity, rigidity or mistrust. "
1	"this is the price of co-ordinating themselves in mechanisms and projects. "
1	"engaging, mobile <condition of great man>\nenthusiastic, involved, flexible, adaptable, versatile, having potential, employable, autonomous, not prescriptive, knows how to engage others, in touch, tolerant, employability (providing)\nknowing how to engage in a project, to get fully involved in, it, is the mark of the <condition of great man>. "
1	"to engage, one must be capable of enthusiasm. "
1	"furthermore, given that the project is a complex, uncertain process, which cannot be confined within the limits of invariably incomplete contracts, one must know how to trust those with whom connections are formed     connections that are destined to develop as the project develops. "
1	"but since projects are by their very nature temporary, the ability to disengage from a project in order to be available for new connections counts as much as the capacity for engagement, even at the peak of engagement, enthusiasm, involvement in a project, people at ease in a network world remain \'adaptable, physically and intellectually mobile! "
1	"prepared for change and capable of new investments, in order to increase their \'ability to respond to a changing world\' (crozier and serieyx, 1994). "
1	"far from being attached to an occupation or clinging to a qualification, the great man proves adaptable and flexible, able to switch from one situation to a very different one, and adjust to it; and versatile, capable of changing activity or tools, depending on the nature of the relationship entered into with others or with objects, it is precisely this adaptability and versatility that make him employable - that is to say, in the world of firms, in a position to attach himself to new projects. "
1	"flexibility and adaptability here are qualities that do not derive from obedience. "
1	"the great man in a connexionist world is active and autonomous. "
1	"he is \'his own leader, leader in his relations with those above and those below, leader in his networks\' (serieyx, 1993). "
1	"the great man in the projective city retains the initiative in his projects, and knows how to take nsks in order to make connections, to be forever making new contacts that are full of possibilities: \'thus, the idea of a link seems to pros rather like a vein or seam to exploit, in tile manner of a gold prospecter, you never quite know what is at the end of it. "
1	"it is sometimes necessary to turn round and go back, give up en route, go and look elsewhere\' (bellenger, 1992). "
1	"always on the lookout, great men refuse to be impeded by rigid plans, for to follow such plans could result in squandering the opportunity for interesting connections. "
1	"plans and strategies would diminish their capacity for local action. "
1	"but they know how to take full advantage of each situation in its uniqueness. for the same reasons they appear spontaneous, in contrast to strategists, whose manoeuvres are overly conspicuous, and frighten people. "
1	"they know how to locate sources of information (\'being a radar\' [bellenger, 1992]), and to select between connections with a lot of new potential and those that revert to routine existing links. "
1	"they are capable of optimizing the use they make of their scarcest resource - time - by selecting their relationships with discrimination and, in particular, by avoiding linking up with people who occupy kindred positions, and are thus likely to contribute superfluous information and connections: \'given that one can\'t do everything, what should one concentrate on? "
1	"in this city, the great man is a \'plunderer of ideas\' (serieyx, 1993). "
1	"for that, he must possess intuition and talent (in the sense in which we speak of an artist\'s talent). he \'scans the world around him in search of novel signs\' (sicard, 1994), and knows how to anticipate, sense, sniff out the links worth pursuing. "
1	"this is to say that in a network world there is a close correlation between the importance of social capital and of information capital. "
1	"information is at once the result and the condition of multiplying connections, so that inequalities of information are cumulative. "
1	"to succeed in discovering good connections, such information must be integrated into a representation of the universe to be explored. "
1	"in a network world, however, there can be no question of an overarching representation. "
1	"useful representations are local, singular, circumstantial, able to be deployed from one person to the next, and bound up with a kind of knowledge deriving from personal experience. "
1	"but those of high status in the projective city do not merely identify connections. "
1	"they must also show themselves capable of becoming established in them, by forging links that last as long as is necessary. "
1	"given that links presuppose the engagement of at least two people, they must avoid being rejected; on the contrary, they must attract the attention and sympathy of others - interest them. "
1	"to this end they must not be timid, or - which boils down to the same thing - so proud as not to take the first step for fear of rejection. "
1	"they write to people in the public eye to express their admiration and request advice or a meeting. "
1	"they regard everyone as contact able and any contact as possible and natural; they treat well-known and obscure people in identical fashion. "
1	"they tend to ignore the differences between separate spheres. "
1	"for them the world is a network of potential connections. "
1	"in respect of links, it\'s all one. "
1	"the great man in the projective city is not a nowhere man. "
1	"at ease where he finds himself, he also knows how to be local. "
1	"in fact, since the network has no overarching representation, actions in it are always embedded in the contingency of a present situation. "
1	"to adapt to the situations that crop up, while preserving something unfamiliar that makes him interesting, connexionist man relies on his communication skills, his convivial temperament, his open and inquiring mind. "
1	"but he knows also how to give of himself, to be there as and when appropriate, to exploit his presence in personal relations, in face-to-face encounters: he is always available, even-tempered, self-assured without being arrogant, familiar without overstepping the limits, obliging, with more to offer than he expects in return. "
1	"without his demanding information or going in search of it, others give him the information he needs. "
1	"he knows how to listen, to give answers that are to the point, to echo people, to ask good questions. "
1	"as bellenger (1992) develops the point, he possesses \'a strategy for conducting relationships, a kind of self-monitoring that results in an aptitude for producing signs which can facilitate contacts\'. "
1	"he knows how to \'be attentive to others in order to identify signs that will make it possible to intervene advisedly in uncertain situations\'; he possesses \'the ability to control and alter self-presentation, which can extend to a capacity for improvizing appropriately, even for "lying without qualms" if necessary\', as well as the \'desire and ability to adjust his own actions with ease, in order to adapt to different people\'. "
1	"great men, past masters when it comes to self-monitoring, know how to judge \'other people\'s emotional states more lucidly and are perceived in their turn as more friendly, open, less uneasy, less anxious, less nervous in their relationships\'. "
1	"[an] adroitness in the way they conduct themselves in the world, in making connections, in acting in such a way as to get what they want\' (bellenger, 1992). "
1	"they also possess \'charm\', in the sense that they depart from the stereotyped image one might have had of them before getting to know them. "
1	"they make it clear (without this being attributable to strategy or calculation) that they are not reducible to the statutory properties defining them in their curriculum vitae. "
1	"face to face, they are real people, in the sense that, far from mechanically performing their social roles -\' in the way a programme is executed - they know how to step back and deviate from their role, which makes them captivating. "
1	"but these qualities do not suffice to define the condition of great man, because they can be employed in opportunistic fashion, as part of a purely individual strategy for success. "
1	"in the logic of the city, the great are not only those who excel at exploiting the specific resources connected with a world, but also those who place the capacities disclosed in tests at the service of the common good. "
1	"that is to say: in the projective city they are not only those who know how to engage, but also those who are able to engage others, to offer involvement, to make it desirable to follow them, because they inspire trust, they are charismatic, their vision generates enthusiasm. "
1	"all these qualities make them leaders of teams that they manage not in authoritarian fashion, but by listening to others, with tolerance, recognizing and respecting differences. "
1	"they are not (hierarchical) bosses, but integrators, facilitators, an inspiration, unifiers of energies, enhancers of life, meaning and autonomy. "
1	"the team trusts them inasmuch as they prove to be connectors, vectors, who do not keep the information or contacts gleaned in networks to themselves, but redistribute them among the team members. "
1	"\'tomorrow\'s manager must ensure that information is shared, that it irrigates the firm thoroughly\' (le saget, 1994). "
1	"in such a context, everyone can \'constantly and increasingly improve their employability, both through these technical skills and their ability for teamwork, even and especially when these teams are flexible, neural, and rarely made up of the same individuals. "
1	"the project head thus provides employability, and develops for others \'in the firm a network of personal relations that they can count on in the event of unforeseen problems\' (landier, 1991). "
1	"in this way, \'employability [can be guaranteed]- that is to say, a level of skills and flexibility allowing each individual to find a new job inside or outside the firm\' (aubrey, 1993); employability is thus \'a gift in return from the firm to individuals who are aware of their responsibilities in it\' (aubrey, 1994). "
1	"mediator, project head <repertoire of subjects> coach, expert, customer, supplier, innovator "
1	"if everyone possesses the capacity to relate, and thus to constitute a link in a network, some people realize this potential in their person in exemplary fashion. "
1	"in very general terms, this is true of all those who, playing an active role in the expansion and animation of networks, act as mediators, whether characterized as strategic brokers able to \'make strategic exchanges outside of hierarchy and boundaries\' (aubrey, 1994), as partners of the third kind (archier et al, 1989), or as tangential contributors. "
1	"they possess the art of reconciling opposites, and know how to bring very different people together, and put them in contact. "
1	"such are, in the first instance, project heads, \'managers\' (in contrast to the old cadres), but also coaches, who stimulate, support the development of managers and practise \'the art of delivering minds\' (aubrey, 1990). "
1	"but such equally are customers, suppliers and subcontractors when they enter into relations of partnership. "
1	"these innovators have scientists, and especially artists, as their models. "
1	"\'the informal network is the preferred organizational mode of writers, scientific researchers and musicians, who develop in domains where knowledge is highly specialized, creative and personalized\' (aubrey, 1990). "
1	"the intuitive manager, like the artist, \'is accompanied by disorder\' (le saget, 1992), is \'in a permanent state of alert and doubt\' (vincent, 1990) and \'at ease in     situations\' (archier\net al, 1989). "
1	"but the intuitive manager, the source of inspiration and the coach are not the only models of excellence. "
1	"experts also enjoy high status in the projective city because their competence, which is indispensable, is composed not of standardized knowledge but of personal, integrated knowledge. "
1	"it is the fruit of past experience - that is to say, of multiple connections, particularly with others possessing specific knowledge, formed during earlier projects, of which they preserve the memory. "
1	"dispensing with experts would require being in a position to repeat their careers. "
1	"experts are consulted. "
1	"but their image is less heroic than that of the project head, because they are deemed less adaptable. "
1	"the project head is precisely the one who proves capable of making connections between very different zones of expertise. "
1	"what all these exceptional beings have in common is that they are in a position to explore the links with the richest opportunities, those that will extend the network furthest, which are defined largely by the distance they surmount. "
1	"not all links are of equivalent worth. "
1	"the status of a connection depends upon the extent to which it has established a mediation that makes it possible to abolish distance. "
1	"in so doing, creators of links temporarily find themselves in the position of keyholder, since all those who in turn want to cross the boundaries they have traversed will, for a certain period of time, have to go through them. "
1	"the most interesting links often consist, in fact, in crossing zones where there were few, if any, mediations (structural holes, in the terminology of ronald burt). "
1	"it can be referred to in temporal terms, when old, dormant connections are reactivated. "
1	"it can be alluded to in partial terms, whenever there is co-ordination in real time with others who are spatially distant (\'[t]he starting point will be to ignore geographical distances\' [fapscott and caston, 1994]) - particularly by taking full advantage of modern means of communication (the internet) - as we see in the example of the \'global laboratory\', which is not geographically located and allows researchers in the same discipline, but scattered throughout the \'world, to collaborate in solving the same problem. "
1	"1g and above all, it can be evoked in institutional or social terms, when the beings between whom some transfer is established, and who are proximate in space and time, were hitherto separated by boundaries isolating institutions, disciplines, domains, or (in pierre bourdieu\'s terminology) fields from one another. "
1	"the forms in which a distance is overcome define different ways of possessing high status. "
1	"thus, whereas the expert is above all rich in links of the first (temporal) or second (spatial) types, the project head or source of inspiration excels in establishing connections between domains or fields: he establishes collaboration between people from different disciplines or professions, belonging to various departments, institutions or firms, and brings together, for example, two experts each of whom has experience, but in different domains. "
1	"in a network world, where the more unpredictable and remote connections are, the more likely they are to prove profitable, the class habitus, on which the spontaneous convergence of tastes relies in predominantly domestic social orders, is no longer a sufficient support for intuition or flair on the contrary, the great man is he who establishes links between beings who are not only removed from one another, located in different universes, but also distant from his social background and the circle of his immediate relations, this is why, unlike the old bourgeois society, a capitalism that incorporates connexionist justifications accepts those who, thanks to a rather erratic career path (at least in their youth), have a fund of experience and are acquainted with several worlds, endowing them with considerable adaptability. "
1	"the verdict delivered on the quality of a link does not take into account only the distance that it has made it possible to bridge - that is to say, its ex-ante probability (less likely links being more prized than very likely ones). "
1	"it also takes account of the degree to which the link, once established, has proved fruitful ex-post, in the sense that its result is to refocus and extend the network by prompting the emergence of new links. "
1	"in this way, we can distinguish between (a) links that are highly probable but largely unproductive, such as those established between the members of a clique, where the connections are compact and within everyone\'s reach, but define a self-enclosed set; (b) very probable but nevertheless productive links, in the sense that they open on to the outside world, such as the links that popularizers or journalists make; (c) links that are very unlikely but also very unproductive, such as those established by the misunderstood forerunner or, worse, the crank or madman who,\nfinding no one to follow him, cannot operate as a key holder; and finally (d) links that are simultaneously unlikely and highly productive, which create the status of the innovator or audacious project head. "
1	"all the instruments of connection\n<repertoire of objects and mechanisms> new technologies, informal relations, relations of trust, partnership, agreements,\nalliances, subcontracting, networks of firms, network firms, link, loop, synapses, neurons, projects \nin a world where the principal operation is establishing connections, it is thus normal to find a marked presence of new communication technologies based on computer science (internet, interfaces, etc.). "
1	"the same may be said of the mechanisms, primarily entrepreneurial mechanisms here (subcontracting, flexible organization, out-sourcing, autonomous units, franchises), which characterize the postmodern, \'re-engineered\', network, firm. "
1	"the descriptive terminology of the connexionist world is pulled in two different directions: either towards a thematic of action without a subject, where the only entity that counts is the network, where what occurs is of the anonymous order of the id, of selforganization (,the organization increases its capacity for self-organization\'); or towards a neopersonalism, which emphasizes not the system, but human beings in search of meaning. "
1	"given that what matters most is intangible, impalpable, informal- a term that characterizes both relations and the rules of the game, which are invented as one goes along - the most appropriate  "
1	"the general nature of the rhizomorphous form is declined by means of different metaphors, which refer either, in traditional fashion, to weaving (stitch, loop, knot); or to the devices in which fluids circulate (flow, oil pipeline, channel, electric cables); or, in more modern fashion, to the biology of the brain (synapses, neurons, etc.) "
1	"this last register is employed in particular to emphasize the autonomy and even the volition of the network, which is stronger than that of the beings immersed in it, and whose properties are then described in the language of selforganization, self regulation, and spontaneous morphogenesis. "
1	"finally, the project is indeed the central mechanism of the city that bears its name. "
1	"it \'has at its disposal unity of time, but not unity of place. it must optimize internal resources, compare them with external resources, and make the best use of experts organized in network structures\' (hec, 1994). "
1	"unemployable <condition of little person> unadaptable, does not inspire confidence, authoritarian, rigid, intolerant, immobile, local, rooted, attached, status (has one), security (prefers)\nin a projective city, the little people are those who cannot be engaged, who are not employable on a project, or who prove incapable of changing projects. "
1	"different grounds for non-engagement identify different types of little person. "
1	"given that trust and relational qualities are the cement of projects, the unemployable ones are those who do not know how to inspire trust, or cannot be trusted because they do not deliver what is expected of them, or do not circulate the information they possess and are \'out for themselves\' - which is a form of dishonesty in their engagement (opportunism). "
1	"the basic rule is \'reciprocity: the best-intentioned are discouraged if they receive nothing in exchange for what they have given. anyone who retains information that could be useful to others to himself is a killer of networks\' (orgogozo, 1991). "
1	"likewise inferior are those who do not know how to communicate, because they are impervious or have fixed ideas, are authoritarian and intolerant, making them incapable if compromise. they resemble all \'the office "miseries", the sullen types, the individualists who withdraw into themselves, never go out, don\'t participate in the end-of-year drinks, shun cocktails, return to the hotel pronto, and plant themselves in front of the tele, that absolute "network-killer\'" (bellenger, 1992). "
1	"rigidity, which, as the converse of flexibility, in this world constitutes the main failing of little people, can have different origins. "
1	"it can derive from attachment to a single project that it is impossible to let go of when a new project comes along; or from attachment to a place which, by rendering them immobile and rooting them in what is local, confines little people to the existing circle of links, and prevents them making new connections. "
1	"finally, its origin can be found in a preference for security even at the expense of autonomy. "
1	"thus, in a projective city someone who has a status is not mobile. "
1	"someone who has a status knows what to expect from life: what their duties are (what is expected of them) and what their rights are (what they can expect of others). "
1	"if the disadvantages attaching to a status stem principally from the limits it imposes on people\'s activities, in the logic of the projective city statutory advantages are suspected of concealing injustices. "
1	"for by establishing people in a situation of continuity, they make it possible to avoid the quintessential tests represented by the moments of transition from one project to another. "
1	"closure of the network <decline of the city> corruption, privileges, buddy-buddy relationships, mafia "
1	"the city falls when the network is no longer extended and, closing in on itself, benefits some people, but no longer serves the public good. "
1	"this is the case when the networker keeps information to himself, weaves connections in secret, unbeknownst to his team, in order not to share the links he has established and retain the benefits for himself, avoiding a situation where others can pursue them without going through him (\'the most important adaptive function of a network consists in absorbing and redistributing information\' [landier, 1991]). "
1	"this is the case with large bodies: \'for large bodies are today anti-networks inasmuch as they exercise authority over their members in order to further their own objectives\' (bellenger, 1992). "
1	"closed networks that call a halt to their own extension, and which are appropriated for the exclusive benefit of \'those who are in on them\', are also dangerous: \'it would be a mistake to think that every network automatically favours enterprise and development, as is clearly indicated by the dramatic events marking italy\'s attempts to restructure an economy engulfed by networks of corruption. "
1	"it is important to sweep away the networks of "buddies", bureaucracy or corruption that obstruct the path of progress\' (aubrey, 1994). "
1	"forms of justice in the projective city "
1	"the elements of grammar we have just laid out clarify the principle of equivalence on which the projective city is based, and the way it can be employed to characterize persons and things, and to define the conditions of great man or little person. "
1	"but we also know that in order to be robust in the face of critiques based on a sense of what is just, this specific order must be geared towards the common good, and submit to a certain number of constraints. "
1	"we have already seen that great men are not only versatile, engaged and mobile themselves, but that they cause others to benefit from these qualities by striving to advance their employability at the same time as they develop their own. "
1	"they do not keep what they garner via their connections for themselves, with the result that the good network remains open and expands continuously, to the maximum benefit of all. "
1	"\nredistribution of connections <status relation> putting in contact, redistributing information, integrating into networks, providing employability "
1	"the relation between great man and little people is just when, in exchange for the trust that the little people place in them and their zeal for engaging in projects, great men enhance the value of the more humble, in order to increase their employability - that is to say, their capacity, once one project is finished, to integrate themselves into another. "
1	"terminating a project without worrying about what becomes of those who have participated in it is unworthy of a great man. "
1	"\'in place of the traditional contract, which guaranteed security, promotion and development, it is now appropriate to make an agreement that creates a sense of belonging, which helps the individual to maintain his "employability" or the value of his labour, and which exploits the various opportunities to learn while at work\' (aubrey, 1994). "
1	"to that end, great men must redistribute the scarce goods they have access to - in the first place, information (\'eliminating the restrictions that limit everyone\'s access to information\'[le saget, 1994]), and integration into networks, \'whose collective function is to support and enrich each member\'s assignment\' (aubrey, 1990). "
1	"we still have to clarify two elements that are crucial for the implementation of justice in a rhizomorphous world - what the grammar we are employing calls the <formula of investment> as well as the <model test>. "
1	"adaptability <formula of investment> being streamlined, flexibility, tolerance, renting\'  "
1	"in a projective city, access to the condition of great man presupposes sacrificing anything that might impede availability - that is to say, the ability to engage in a new project. "
1	"the great man renounces having a single project that lasts a lifetime (a vocation, a profession, a marriage, etc. "
1	"he is mobile, nothing must hamper his movements. "
1	"he is a \'nomad\'. "
1	"in this sense, all the sacrifices that are made have the effect of enhancing the streamlined character of entities - of persons, but also of things - in order to favour their reorganization when the next project comes along. "
1	"thus, \'the leaner organization that contracts out for services depends on the suppliers of those services and therefore benefits from close co-operation with them\' (moss kanter, 1990). "
1	"the requirement to be streamlined first of all assumes renouncing stability, rootedness, attachment to the local, the security of longstanding links. "
1	"when it comes to links, to invest effort is to give up what one already has for an uncertain alternative: not to shut oneself away in pre-established links, so that one is available to tryout new connections that might fail. "
1	"in the knowledge that time is limited, it is in fact advisable to carve out the time to forge links with different persons and universes, rather than always remaining in the same circle of people: \'being a pro means revising one\'s accessibility in quasi strategic fashion, time can\'t just be invented and so it is a question of making choices and daring to take decisions, a pro\'s appointments are handled with extreme care\' (bellenger, 1992). "
1	"extension of the network thus demands that people renounce friendship or, rather, that when assessing the quality of a link they abandon the distinction between disinterested bonds of friendship and professional or useful relations:\n[a] network is always based on strong interpersonal relations, situated beyond work in the strict sense. "
1	"depending on the case, such trust can be, founded on situations that were experienced in common in the past, on belonging to the same institution, on the existence of a common objective or project, on relations of friendship or mutual respect, even on mere complicity derived from being connected to the same communications network. "
1	"thus, it can be said of \'social and family networks\' that \'this capital represents relations which, in addition to satisfaction on a human level, offer a potential contribution to the enterprise envisaged\' (aubrey, 1994). but while connections with members of the extended family, assimilated to a network, can prove profitable, the restricted family, like the group of \'old mates\' or the clique of \'office neighbours\', preserves the tie to old, superseded connections, and by that token represents a burden, a handicap. "
1	"great men in the projective city are also streamlined in that they are liberated from the burden of their own passions and values: open to differences (unlike rigid, absolutist personalities attached to the defence of universal values). "
1	"for the same reasons, they are not critical (except when it comes to defending tolerance and difference). "
1	"nothing must get the upper hand over the imperative of adjustment, or hamper their movements. "
1	"they are determined exclusively by factors deriving from the situation and connections they are caught up in, which completely define them. "
1	"the tolerance required to adjust to others can also be expressed in terms of emancipation from \'bourgeois morality\', the streamlined human being has learnt from psychoanalysis - and, more generally, from the diffusion of \'interpretation as exercise of suspicion\' - that one must know how to free oneself from moralism by casting suspicion on the hidden motives involved in moralizing ventures and acknowledging the validity of ambivalence. "
1	"the numerous tools of analytical provenance integrated into the projective city thus aim to develop realism: they serve to look reality in the face - including (or especially) the reality of desire, treated as one datum among others - but also, by the same token, to recognize the limits placed on desire by reality. "
1	"in a network world, it is thus realistic to be ambivalent (in contrast to the boss who is all of one piece in the hierarchical world), because the situations people have to confront are themselves complex and uncertain. "
1	"according to the same principle of eliminating anything that might hinder mobility, the streamlined human being must not be attached to a burdensome patrimony, and should prefer to ownership other formulas that provide access to the enjoyment of objects, such as renting. "
1	"in this instance, distance with respect to ownership does not derive from some ascetic contempt for material goods, which it is perfectly licit to have at one\'s disposal and to enjoy, but is simply the result of the need to streamline oneself so that one can move around easily. "
1	"for the same reasons, connexionist man likewise tends not to let himself be trapped by institutions, with all the various obligations that entails, and not to allow himself to become entangled in a web of responsibilities towards the other people or organizations he has responsibility for. "
1	"that is why he prefers to renounce official power in favour of network forms of power, freed of the constraints of supervision, invigilation, management, representation, and respect for the state rules regulating the use of goods and the management of human beings. "
1	"he leaves that to others, for he prefers autonomy to security. "
1	"great men in the projective city likewise renounce exercising any form of domination over others by taking advantage of statutory or hierarchical properties that would vouchsafe them ready recognition. "
1	"their authority depends exclusively on their competence. "
1	"they do not impose their rules or objectives, but agree to discuss their positions (principle of tolerance). "
1	"underlying these different forms of renunciation, we find a more basic sacrifice: that of personality, in the sense of a manner of being that expresses itself in similar attitudes and conduct whatever the circumstances. "
1	"\'the image of the chameleon is a tempting one for describing the pro, who knows how to conduct his relationships in order to reach other people more easily \'" adaptability is the key to the network spirit (efforts have to be made to take the first step), (bellenger, 1992). "
1	"streamlined people sacrifice a certain interiority and fidelity to the self, the better to adjust to the people with whom they come into contact and to the ever-changing situations in which they are obliged to act (this also assumes renunciation of the hubris of calculate on in favour of a limited rationality). "
1	"<model tests> are just as necessary for fulfilling the requirements of justice, and for their inscription in the fabric of everyday relations. "
1	"the end of a project and the beginning if another "
1	"<model test> people cannot be judged on the basis of a single project, because their status reveals itself in the model test and this, as we already know, is the transition from one project to the next. "
1	"it is when a project is finished that the key holders are revealed and an appraisal is conducted. "
1	"appraisal is positive in the case of those who, having enhanced their reputation in the course of the project they are leaving, succeed in integrating themselves into a new one. "
1	"contrariwise, it is negative when an inability to maintain or develop links and to liaise with others disqualifies the applicant. "
1	"in fact, links are a form of capital that does not belong to those who have the use of them. "
1	"by way of sanction, links can always be unilaterally withdrawn by those with whom they are made. "
1	"if the moment of the transition from one project to another constitutes the test par excellence, in the logic of a projective city the world is the more testing and hence also the more just - the shorter, the more numerous, and the more changeable projects are. "
1	"being called on to participate <expression of judgement and forms of self-evidence>\ninserting, causing to participate, speaking of, avoiding, keeping at a distance, ignoring, rejecting, excluding "
1	"people are appreciated if others want to make their acquaintance, to meet them, call upon them, or work with them. "
1	"those from whom nothing is to be expected are avoided, kept at a distance or, more simply, ignored. "
1	"one of the peculiarities of network forms is that, unlike what occurs in totalities defined by an inscription of spatial order in a territory (nations, districts, etc.), of temporal order in a history (lineage), or of legal order in an institution (administrations, churches, etc.), those who are depreciated lose all visibility and even, in a way, any existence. "
1	"for in the logic of this world, existence itself is a relational attribute: every entity, and human persons by the same token as the rest, exists to a greater or lesser extent depending upon the number and value of the connections that pass via it. "
1	"this is why such a world has no sanctions other than rejection or exclusion, which, in depriving someone of their links (,disaffiliation\', in robert castel\'s terminology), expels them to the margins of the network, where connections are at once both sparse and worthless. "
1	"the excluded person is someone who depends on others, but on whom no one any longer depends, who is not wanted by anyone, who is no longer sought after, no longer invited, who, even if his address book is full of names, has disappeared from other people\'s address books. "
1	"it follows that in such a world the mechanisms of justice are essentially preventive. "
1	"they must anticipate the possibility of failure by relying on predictive indicators. "
1	"anthropology and naturalness in the projective city "
1	"the question of a city\'s anchorage in a definition of nature is a crucial one. "
1	"first of all, it is important on the level of justice that all human beings have the ability to achieve better conditions, and only a definition of human nature guarantees the sharing of this ability by the whole of humanity. "
1	"the <dignity of persons> refers to this dimension in each city; it is what makes for equality and points towards the natural human properties that give everyone the same opportunity to achieve greatness if they do what is required - in particular, if they make the indicated sacrifices (compare the <formula of investment. "
1	"the need to connect < dignity of persons> all the active operators in a network can accede to better conditions, because they all possess the ability to connect with others. "
1	"the desire to connect is a basic property of human nature. "
1	"in this anthropology, all women and all men are beings of contacts and relations: \'attachment is not the result of a libidinal or learning process . "
1	"it corresponds to a primary tendency - the need for others - which is stronger than hunger and earlier than sexuality\' (bellenger, 1992). "
1	"this need for connection, which is so universal, is the reason why everyone can integrate themselves into networks and acquire employability. "
1	"no one is excluded a priori. "
1	"functioning in networks also satisfies the highly human characteristic of wanting to be simultaeously free and engaged: \'[a]ll of us make commitments. "
1	"they may erode our freedom to act autonomously, but in return they provide some meaning in our lives and on the job. "
1	"\' our \'deep desire for autonomy and self-reliance [is] combined with an equally deep conviction that life has no meaning unless shared with others in the context of community\' (waterman, 1988). "
1	"without this radical duality that each of us bears within ourselves, the series of engagements and disengagements supposed by the projective city would seem absolutely inhuman. "
1	"in the case of the projective city, the <harmonious figure of natural order> is obviously the network, or rather, the networks that have always existed in the life of human beings. "
1	"the network <harmonious figure of natural order> the most natural form is the network. "
1	"it imposes itself on entities, whether human or non-human, even if actors are not conscious of it: \'organization in networks is not something new; it has always existed, like the prose that monsieur jourdain composed unawares\' (landier, 1991). "
1	"all beings and all societies have their networks, and [w]e normally think of them as the informal pathways along which information and influences flow: feminists complain [about] an \'old boys\' network\'. "
1	"but the network form of organization was previously suspect in firms, and bore the stamp of the clandestine. "
1	"the moment for its rehabilitation has now arrived: in the traditional firm, it had an unofficial, even clandestine character, which was deemed subversive of the official hierarchical organization. "
1	"for workers, for example, it consisted in discovering tricks to reduce the unpleasantness of their task. "
1	"informal networks were thus directed against hierarchy; the objective was to defend oneself against decisions that were resented as irrational or unjust. "
1	"such relationships were the breeding ground of trade-union activity. "
1	"the expression \'network management\', by contrast, emerged only very recently. "
1	"The projective city as we have just described it allows us to underline the main themes of justification in a world conceived as a network. "
0	"it is in a relation of control that the state of worthiness encompasses the state of unworthiness."
0	"useful for benchmarking."
0	"test with pre-trained resnet101 models"
0	"And, finally, there is no reliable tool to properly resolve dependencies in Python, so I started `poetry`"
0	"this will setup the app in a virtual environment and run the included test app (`app.py`) immediately on port `8080`."
0	"*networks aren\'t reliable, so you\'ll need to support partition tolerance."
0	""[engineering the next generation of cloud"
0	"they are both based on the same type of test the long-term efficiency of the project with the same criteria of proof and instruments of evidence (technical evidence from modeling and statistical analysis)."
0	"In some extent, the difference of performance is not so big."
0	"- raschka, sebastian (2018) mlxtend: providing machine learning and data science utilities and extensions to python's scientific computing stack."
0	"deprived of tests, protected from the risk of contingencies that can call the order of competencies into question and allow new objects to emerge, industrial worth can become frozen in the monumental order that is regularly depicted in critiques of technology.\n\nefficiency (higher common principle)\nperforr,umce, future efficient\nreliable,\nnot\noptimal, inactive,\nunsuited, breakdown (in a state of),\nunreliable.\nwork (digni1y}\nenergy.\nprofessionals\n(subjects) expert,\nspecialist, person in charge, operator.\nmeans (objects) tool, resource, method,\ntask, space,\nenvironment, axis,\ndirection, dimension,\ncriterion, definition,\nlist, graph, chart,\ncalendar, plan, goal,\nquantity, variable,\nseries, average,\nprobability, standard,\nfactor, cause\nprogress\n(invfsiment)\ninvestment, dynamic.\ncontrol \nfunction\n(relationships) put to work, machinery (liaison of), function (to be a function of),\ncogwheels, interact,\nneed (to),\ncondition(to),\nnecessary (relation),\nintegrate, organize,\ncontrol, stabilize,\norder, anticipate,\nimplant, adapt,\ndetect, analyze,\naccount (take into),\ndetermine, light\n(bring to), measure,\nformalize,\nstandardize,\noptimize, solve,\nprocess.\norganization\n(figures) system.\ntrial (test)\nlaunching, setting up,\nputting to work,\nachievement.\neffective (judgment)\ncorrect, in working order, functioning.\nmeasure (evidence)\ninstrumental action (the fall) treating people as things.\n'"
0	"jctools is benchmarked using both jmh benchmarks and handrolled harnesses."
0	"the reality is that many standard frameworks make this"
0	"the control one exercises depends only on the possibility of predicting less complex actions by integrating them into a larger overall plan."
0	"  brickhouse covers a wide range of functionality, grouped in the "
0	"write code and test code and pull request."
0	"the lower levels of the measurement tree are less reliable"
0	"   non-reuse (linearity) is not yet checked."
0	"under this model, it has a test function, which ask this model to count numbers both for story(context) and query(question)."
0	"the spatial articulation of objects presupposes a capacity to define that is equipped with a measuring instrument."
0	"we also apply the proposed framework to domain adaptation and achieve state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets."
0	"  to learn how to use distributedlog to build your reliable real-time services."
0	"only use on sites you control for educational purposes."
0	"undebt lets you define complex find-and-replace rules using standard, straightforward python that can be applied quickly to an entire code base with a simple command."
0	"the description of the constitutive elements of the time and space proper to the industrial world makes it quite clear that the operation of optimization is possible only in an environment of beings of an industrial nature."
0	"### how is the model performance measured?"
0	"## quick start: test on an image using our trained model "
0	"the description of the constitutive elements of the time and space proper to the industrial world makes it quite clear that the operation of optimization is possible only in an environment of beings of an industrial nature."
0	"they make it possible to establish laws on the basis of frequencies, and to reduce the role of chance by exhibiting probable relations on the basis of averages."
0	"the articulation of elements or segments obtained by the decomposition of the complexity of the universe can be accomplished by mathematical operations, since the calculations are based on quantified variables: "the inventory of problems and their alternative solutions is subjected to the method of economic evaluation that makes it possible to quantify the various hypotheses for improvement.""
0	"### installation and tests"
0	"For every building blocks, we include a test function in the each file below, and we\'ve test each small piece successfully."
0	"and of course, we couldn't do this without [our community of"
0	"in order to make itself visible, the chapter, like any other collective person, must have at its disposal the "equipment needed to produce a tract, a typewriter and a copy machine," and it must acquire "useful and indispensable tools in order to express and defend the workers\' interests," such as "highly visible" posters, informative signboards, newsletters, and brochures."
0	"in order to make "concrete ... the presence and the active role" of collective persons, material means are used that allow their presence to be brought out in a form accessible to the senses."
0	"thus the brochure we are using here as our reference states in its introduction that it "has to be a basic tool for the militants who participate in the life of a chapter"."
0	"in jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors\r"
0	"* [extensive documentation][docs], and [great community support][group]."
0	"Chrome has the largest share of global usage and is the preferred target platform for the majority of developers."
0	"if you have any questions or comments about voltdb, we encourage you to reach out to the voltdb team and community."
0	"the law, for example, confers a "legal character on the representatives of the personnel"."
0	"possessing neither a body nor sense organs, the will of a collective person, if it is to be clearly expressed, must be summed up in ready-made formulas allowing for repetition by multiple voices without alterations or deviations, such as slogans (which "are to be used often"), resolutions ("the resolution on democratic procedures adopted by the 28th congress"), objectives ("salaried employees banding together around common objectives"), positions ("publicize the union\'s positions"), programs ("the program developed by the national resistance council"), policies ("base our practice on a set of common policies"), or lines ("party lines")."
0	"the relevant objects are either immaterial as, for example, rules, codes, procedures, or material, as union premises or ballot boxes."
0	"next, in order to sustain their existence, collective persons must assert their presence and acquire headquarters, endowing themselves with a material existence that renders them concrete; they must manifest themselves in objects."
0	"### community projects"
0	"you can always contact us via github@applikey.biz we are open for any inquiries regarding our libraries and controls, new open-source projects and other ways of contributing to the community."
0	"use caffeine in a community provided integration:"
0	"some of these planned features are easier than others to implement, but i understand how much the programming community wants these, so i will try my best."
0	"in order to exist, they must express themselves (the right for the union organization to act and express itself directly") in declarations, yet they cannot take the floor except by borrowing the voice of a representative or of a responsible official who tends, as a private individual, to monopolize the interventions that belong to all."
0	"having headquarters indeed constitutes one of the main devices a collective person can use to objectify its existence (see boltanski 1987, 144)."
0	"i believe the community are smart enough to finish the rest of the owl."
0	"the capacity for collective action is manifested by recruiting, extending, implanting, or spurring initiatives: "it may be a matter of an initiative on the part of some workers who, although in the minority, contemplate initiating an action"."
0	"persons are all subject to the same justice because everyone possesses a conscience that is fashioned in the image of the collective conscience and because everyone is capable, by listening to the voice of this conscience, of subordinating his or her own will to the general will."
0	"democracy is the most appropriate political form for the manifestation of the general will that constitutes the model test for the civic world."
0	"the members are truly at the base of the union chapter"."
0	"some of these planned features are easier than others to implement, but i understand how much the programming community wants these, so i will try my best."
0	"## help support spyder, the community-developed scientific ide!"
0	"people's actions are relevant when, as participants in a social movement, they take part in a collective action that gives meaning and justification to their own individual behavior: this "action is not a simple accumulation of positions or individual initiatives but collective action"."
0	"we feel that a welcoming open community is important and welcome contributions."
0	"indeed, it is inconceivable that it should refuse these responsibilities, that it should be diluted, and disappear at the high points of its action"."
0	"possessing neither a body nor sense organs, the will of a collective person, if it is to be clearly expressed, must be summed up in ready-made formulas allowing for repetition by multiple voices without alterations or deviations, such as slogans (which "are to be used often"), resolutions ("the resolution on democratic procedures adopted by the 28th congress"), objectives ("salaried employees banding together around common objectives"), positions ("publicize the union\'s positions"), programs ("the program developed by the national resistance council"), policies ("base our practice on a set of common policies"), or lines ("party lines")."
0	"legal forms (objects), rights, legislation, decree, order, measure, courts, formality, procedure, transcript, infringement, capacity (electoral), code, criterion, district, slate (of candidates), program, policy, statement, poster, brochure, ballot, tract, slogan, seat, headquarters, local office, acronym, card."
0	"beings may escape from chaos-in this world, that means from division-and thus attain worth because they are naturally political."
0	"but people\'s attachment to their own particular interests, their selfishness and their individualism, are such strong tendencies that the creation and maintenance of collectives requires a tireless struggle: "a chapter cannot be created from one day to the next."
0	"this attempt to generalize the cause is couched in civic language of solidarity between struggles during meetings where spokespersons provide testimonies of comparable experiences."
0	"yet this fact is challenged from the standpoint of the other worlds, which deny the reality of collective persons and accredit only the diversity of the individual persons of which they are composed."
0	"    -   Windows - community supported"
0	"this activity is liberating because it frees people from the oppression of selfish interests."
0	"in jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors\r"
0	"next, in order to sustain their existence, collective persons must assert their presence and acquire headquarters, endowing themselves with a material existence that renders them concrete; they must manifest themselves in objects."
0	"if the chapter has a tendency toward apathy, they can arouse it, spur debates, and so on."
0	"probably no work presents a better account of what a civic world, at least in its french version, must be, than rousseau's contrat social."
0	"this product is open source and free, and will continue to provide free community technical support."
0	"the power of representation granted to a person who benefits from a mandate is what authorizes him to encompass others, to speak in their name, to be their spokesperson."
0	"the worth of persons depends on the state they are in: as particular persons, they are unworthy because they are reduced to being merely themselves, "isolated individuals," slaves of their own particular interests and condemned to powerlessness; they become worthy when they accede to the general state and make themselves the expression of a general will and the embodiment of a general interest."
0	"collective beings themselves are included within other, larger collectives, embedded in sets of which the most inclusive is humanity itself."
0	"the peculiarity of the civic world is to lay stress on beings who are not individual beings but collective ones."
0	"carrying out these duties is what makes "life in common" pleasant, what "makes life enjoyable," what allows individual relation to be harmonious."
0	"access to superiority comes by way of a good upbringing."
0	"this attitude "will tend to create a climate of understanding" based on discretion and reserve: "the best way to appear well brought up"."
0	"objects and arrangements are thus the means by which beings recognize one another\'s worth, just as they know their own; this is the way they know and deploy the relative worth of the persons involved and also the way they make themselves known."
0	"the worthy act naturally because they are moved by habits."
0	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents"."
0	"in a domestic world, people\'s worth depends on a hierarchy of trust based on a chain of personal dependencies."
0	"in relation to the less worthy beings for whom he is responsible, the superior has the duty to share with them, according to their rank\'."
0	"justifications based on tradition and locality are utilized extensively by opponents of the somport project in france, and there are a variety of rich testimonials from the inhabitants of the aspe valley on the need to preserve a patrimony and way of life cherished by many and upheld in various ways by existing traditions of the region."
0	"the worthy act naturally because they are moved by habits."
0	"the less worthy are proud of the more worthy who complete them, and subordinates have respect for superiors who have consideration for them."
0	"the typical objects are, for instance, visiting cards, gifts, estates, houses, titles."
0	"access to superiority comes by way of a good upbringing."
0	"one\'s duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak."
0	"these three terms themselves are in a relation of equivalence, because the bond of personal dependence that connects a less worthy person with a superior-always constructed in the image of the father, whose state of worth is highest because he is the incarnation of the tradition-can be conceived in more than one way: since the worthiest person is found at the point of origin, the bond can be read as a link either in the chain of generations or in a hierarchical chain."
0	"indeed, "your own upbringing will be judged by that of your children"."
0	"the former have precedence over the latter in the order of generation, and by the same token also in hierarchies."
0	"but inferiors can also squander their inheritance (which involves a market worth)."
0	"but those who are really respectable know, on the other hand, how to earn respect."
0	"\nrespect and responsibility\n(relation of worth)\nauthority, subordination,\nrespectability, honor,\nshame."
0	"the typical objects are, for instance, visiting cards, gifts, estates, houses, titles."
0	"in this context, they are honest, presenting "their viewpoint with frankness" but without offering "systematic opposition," and they maintain relations of trust."
0	"... one must do everything one can to make sure that naturalness results from a good upbringing"."
0	"the trust stores can be updated to the latest version, using either the cli:"
0	"a well-ordered world is thus first of all a world in which the children have been well brought up, and are trained in good manners."
0	"attentive to intimates (for example, a spouse), to whom one owes thoughtfulness, attention, and propriety, the worthy person is cordial with visitors: "the reputation of households is often made by visitors; thus one always benefits from being very cordial toward them, whether they are important or not"."
0	"a handshake is also an instrument of worth, a tool devised from the body itself; depending on the order of gesture, a handshake may raise or lower a person\'s standing:\n"it is up to him (the leader), not you, to offer his hand first"."
0	"in a hierarchical order, judgment belongs to the most worthy person, who must thus not be kept in the dark about anything so that she can issue an informed ruling: "don\'t let [the leader] remain unaware of the problems about which she should normally be informed ...."
0	"(of course, if this repository has been compromised you can\'t trust these instructions."
0	""only habit gives poise," because it makes good manners natural ("natural courtesy")."
0	"it is through upbringing that naturalness is transmitted."
0	"a well-ordered world is thus first of all a world in which the children have been well brought up, and are trained in good manners."
0	"when beings belong to the same household, the relationship is one of order."
0	"trust in others, superiors are informed and wise."
0	"when beings belong to the same household, the relationship is one of order."
0	"the qualities that constitute his own worth."
0	"this mode of understanding beings is expressed in pride, respect, and shame."
0	"in this context, they are honest, presenting "their viewpoint with frankness" but without offering "systematic opposition," and they maintain relations of trust."
0	"the person who commits an act of betrayal is thereby excluding himself and reducing himself to a nonentity."
0	"All Web Browsers retain certain information about our browsing habits."
0	"the same thing holds true, in life\'s peak moments, for congratulations, condolences, good wishes, and also recommendations, which provide opportunities to exchange marks of trust from person to person"
0	"an exotic payload crafted:"
0	"this package provides routines to construct graphs on videos, segment them, build trees out of them, and convert them back to videos."
0	"they exist in continuity (a property of the unworthy in the inspired world), and they possess all the qualities that manifest permanence, such as firmness, loyalty, punctuality."
0	"the father is principle of cohesion in the family, the one who establishes the link to an origin; like the boss, or, earlier, the king, the father is the one who lifts beings up by means of the dependence in which he holds them and who thus gives them access to all the worth they are capable of achieving according to the level they occupy."
0	"the domestic world was extracted from a commentary of bossuet\'s work, la politique tiree des propres paroles de l\'ecriture sainte."
0	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise."
0	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today."
0	"conversely, "a failure to observe the rules of good behavior can close doors, and the slightest blunder may have consequences at the level of the situation (a term that here designates a professional state precisely in that it depends on the position occupied in chains of personal dependence and on the javor of superiors)."
0	"among the relevant ways to make relationships we note the act of recommending somebody, giving birth, breeding, reproducing or presenting an invitation."
0	"the political link between beings is seen as a generalization of kinship and is based on face-to-face relationships and on the respect for tradition."
0	"* is **stable**, **efficient** and designed to respect android philosophy"
0	"betrayal is an extreme case of deficiency, because it disaggregates and takes apart: it finishes the job of setting apart and detaching the person who, by making his independence known on the outside, undermines the unity of the house and thus makes it vulnerable."
0	"\nthe rules of etiquette (objects) good manners, proper behavior, rank, title,\ndwelling,\nintroduction,\nsignature,\nannouncements, gifts,\nflowers."
0	"in the domestic world, the more worthy beings have duties ("even more than rights") with respect to those in their entourage, and especially with respect to those whom they include and for whom they are consequently responsible."
0	"one\'s duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak."
0	"\nsuperiors and inferiors\n(subjects) more worthy beings: father,\nking, ancestors,\nparents, family,\ngruwnups, leader,\nboss."
0	"close connections between people and their land, from villagers who reside in the small valley communities to the shepherds who make their living traveling to remote and rugged mountain pastures, through fishermen and hunters."
0	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today."
0	"\nsuperiors and inferiors\n(subjects) more worthy beings: father,\nking, ancestors,\nparents, family,\ngruwnups, leader,\nboss."
0	"the order of the world can be grasped in its full generality through the unfolding of uniqueness."
0	"a well-ordered world is thus first of all a world in which the children have been well brought up, and are trained in good manners."
0	"many of the arguments in the somport case, in both camps, refer to the harmonious existence of living on the land: what was really significant for me was this land; i did not want to betray this land."
0	"but the principle of engenderment is not irrupted to procreation, and within a given household the more worthy beings are the primary causes of the less worthy ones, apart from blood ties: thus the husband (more _worthy) makes a woman his wife (less worthy) by marriage; the master or the mistress of the household contains, and is, the beings included therein: unmarried persons, children, servants, household pets."
0	"#### Step 2. generate your customized Dockerfile"
0	"such problems surface in particular when time is introduced as a factor in market relations, which are atemporal by nature."
0	"if a good caller meets its obligations, the onus is thus on you to fulfill your end of the bargain."
0	"the common identification of objects of a market nature is closely linked to the requirements of aggrandizement in a market world, to the investment formula that ensures access to the common good by means of a sacrifice."
0	"your preferred price and performance."
0	"includes sine wave and stock market data."
0	"the selfishness of subjects in the market world has to go hand in hand, if any order is to result from their competition, with clear-sightedness as to the limits of selves; this is the other side of the picture, where the common identification of external goods is concerned."
0	"in the market world, actions are motivated by the desires of individuals, which drive them to possess the same objects, rare goods whose ownership is inalienable."
0	"instability does not imply a defect, as it does in the industrial world."
0	"some commands are supported exclusively by hp printers, because other vendors have only implemented a subset of the pjl standard."
0	"wealth (objects) luxury (item)."
0	"them is not a happy owner of android device yet it\'s truly hoped performance is not that poor on actual device compared"
0	"    caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability,"
0	"only if one loses sight of the convention that creates bonds between people as individuals- a convention that operates via their desire for the same objects-and if one forgets the way in which this convention of competition governs its own free play, do the terms "individual" or "freedom" become susceptible to the semantic slippages that lead to the presentation of the market world as the sole guarantor of people\'s autonomy and freedom."
0	"output for stock market multi-dimensional multi-sequential predictions:"
0	"this requirement, often forgotten in methodological or political approaches to individualism, is the one that defines the individual as a social being, socialized by desires that converge toward external goods."
0	"at the end of this harmonious process of composition, the persons doing business find their worth naturally in relation to the object negotiated."
0	"wealth can lead, in a confusion between persons and things, to the direct possession of another person rather than of the goods that that person may desire."
0	"it actually continues to cost me a significant amount of money to host the andengine forums."
0	"some commands are supported exclusively by hp printers, because other vendors have only implemented a subset of the pjl standard."
0	"    caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability,"
0	"consistent interface for trading and accessing market data."
0	"the transaction presupposes that people have enough perspective and that the object is detached enough to allow the play of competition with others."
0	"this attention does not serve to temper selfishness; it is consubstantial with selfishness in the market order."
0	"it is opinion that establishes equivalence, and the worth of each being depends on the opinion of others: to a large extent, the reactions "of public opinion determine success"."
0	"\nthe desire to be recognized (digni1)\nself-love, respect (desire for)."
0	"fame establishes worth."
0	"since the target audience is developers, i opted to leave some parts a little less user-friendly, such as the `settings.py` config system."
0	"they are worthy and great when they are famous, recognized, successful, or convincing."
0	"the tools that help establish the worth of fame include brochures, flyers, booklets, magazines, newsletters, books, public relation offices, audiovisual productions, press releases, and interviews."
0	"similarly, "a good public relations policy may make it possible, for example, owing to good contacts with the press, to amplify \'good information.\'" "a public" thus plays "a dual role: spectator and actor."
0	"indeed, in the world of public opinion, what is known is what is already obvious, and, conversely, what is either unknown to the majority (esoteric) or indistinguishable and lacking in relief is debatable."
0	"persuasion\n(relationships)\ninfluence, convince,\nsensitize, attract,\nseduce, hook,\npenetrate, capture,\nlaunch, emit,\ncirculate (cause to),\npropagate, \norient, amplify, talk about, cite."
0	"this is the feature andy warhol was alluding to in his famous announcement that a world is coming in which "everyone will have fifteen minutes of fame"."
0	"in the world of public opinion, worthy beings are the ones that distinguish themselves, are visible, famous, recognized: their visibility depends on their more or less attention-getting, persuasive, informative character."
0	"\nthe evidence of success (evidence) known."
0	"Chrome\'s vast user base makes it the most attractive target for threat actors and security researchers."
0	"to be unworthy, in the logic of public opinion, is to be banal (not to have been "debanalized"), "not to have any image at all, which in general signifies a complete ignorance of the product," or else to have an image that is fuzzy, degraded, faded, lost; to be forgotten or hidden, to encounter indifference or opposition, in short, to disappear": "certain companies struggle ... not to lose it [their image], not to disappear"."
0	"it is essential to "have the (company] leaders interviewed if they are well known; it is obvious that via a statement made or a position taken by mr. x, a big name, the company of which mr. x is president will be in the limelight"."
0	"in this world, relevant persons are well-known personalities, stars, opinion leaders, journalists."
0	"worth is nothing but the result of other people's opinion in the world of renown."
0	"the relation of inclusion among the worthy through their fame and their audience is expressed in terms of influence."
0	"turning the press into an instrument ensures the objectification of this demonstration by its repercussions, the sensation that is produced: "the press is generally quick to echo the rumor and unconfirmed reports it picks up"."
0	"fame establishes worth."
0	"for example, rafting companies active in fighting the dam had their guides talk to the customers about the dispute and (when they felt they had convinced them) ask them to write letters to their representatives and to ferc."
0	"trpt worked with national environmental groups including american rivers, which publishes an annual list of "the ten most endangered rivers" in the united states and generates a great deal of national media coverage."
0	"rooted in the world of fame (and not in the industrial or market world), a business enterprise can be thus defined as a sender addressing a receiver: "the sender, that is, the company, and the receiver, that is, the public"."
0	"as instruments for the worth of fame, objects that represent compromises with the industrial and civic worlds may be used, for example, public opinion surveys; by means of an industrial apparatus, these supply a "yardstick for opinion" or for the penetration of a message, that is, "the fraction expressed in terms of the percentage of a population reached by a given medium"."
0	"in fact, those who have heard about something become its echoes, retransmit it, guaranteeing its repercussions; they convey information, they maintain the image, by multiplying and amplifying the message as a "center of resonance"."
0	"he characterized them as professional adversaries of any dams, who for that reason should have no weight in local decision-making."
0	"to be known, one must agree to reveal everything, keep nothing back, hide nothing from one\'s public."
0	"subjected to such influences, opinion creates fashion; it circulates the way a rumor does in a communications network, and thus imparts value to the beings of that nature whose fame spreads mutually from one to another: "if for example a company succeeds in inviting big names, stars, the reputation of those big names will carry over to the company itself"."
0	"rooted in the world of fame (and not in the industrial or market world), a business enterprise can be thus defined as a sender addressing a receiver: "the sender, that is, the company, and the receiver, that is, the public"."
0	"since worth derives solely from opinion, the other qualities, and in particular one's profession, are not taken into account in the operation of establishing equivalences that makes it possible to identify personalities or stars."
0	"indeed, in the world of public opinion, what is known is what is already obvious, and, conversely, what is either unknown to the majority (esoteric) or indistinguishable and lacking in relief is debatable."
0	"access to fame, which is potentially possible from one day to the next for any being, however lacking in resources it may be, can also be supported by an arrangement of objects."
0	"communicating an opinion to the largest possible number of persons allows fame to spread by contagion; this is accomplished within an arrangement that includes a "sender, a receiver, and a medium, an intermediary charged with conveying the message to its intended audience"."
0	"it is hence entirely unrelated to the realm of personal dependencies and it is not linked to the person's self-esteem."
0	"in the world of fame, there are few things that can consolidate and stabilize the relation between worth, which comes exclusively from the opinion of others, and the bearer of worth, an entity (person or thing) that is not qualified by properties scribed in its being in a lasting way."
0	"public relations offices are used to stimulate the process by creating "a network of free press agents"."
0	"the opposition coalitions actively sought the endorsement of key legislators, and even took many legislators on rafting trips with the goal of letting them personally "experience" the clavey."
0	"to reduce a rumor or an unconfirmed report to its proper proportions, one must resort to the "reactions of public opinion"."
0	"in the world of public opinion, worthy beings are the ones that distinguish themselves, are visible, famous, recognized: their visibility depends on their more or less attention-getting, persuasive, informative character."
0	"however, both cases involve attempts at gaining media attention or influencing the impressions of an audience who might not know the issues in-depth."
0	"\'path\' has a very attractive menu sitting on the left bottom corner of the screen."
0	"the presentation may take the form of a press conference, "during which some important information is transmitted to journalists," or it may take the form of an inauguration or launching "that brings together big names, carefully chosen and important audiences, and journalists," and which makes it possible, while producing "as great a sensation as possible, ... to alert visitors and incite them to come in"."
0	"she helped start the wise use group tucare partly because she wanted to counter the loud publicity from the environmentalists."
0	"    newsblur\'s followers are largely technical."
0	"beings achieve worth only if the presentation is made visible, in a transparent space in which it can be looked at and compared."
0	"the brand name makes it possible to crystallize a trend in public opinion, through a brand image."
0	"\nindifference and banality (the fau)\nhidden,\nindifference (encounter), banal, forgotten, fuzzy image, deteriorated,\nfaded, lost."
0	"worth is nothing but the result of other people's opinion in the world of renown."
0	"in the world of public opinion, worthy beings are the ones that distinguish themselves, are visible, famous, recognized: their visibility depends on their more or less attention-getting, persuasive, informative character."
0	"this is an essential goal of both sides of the clavey conflict, and both sides were active in lobbying both directly and indirectly."
0	"indeed, in the world of public opinion, what is known is what is already obvious, and, conversely, what is either unknown to the majority (esoteric) or indistinguishable and lacking in relief is debatable."
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"having no secrets is the price paid, more generally, for reaching the state of worthiness in this world."
0	"to be unworthy, in the logic of public opinion, is to be banal (not to have been "debanalized"), "not to have any image at all, which in general signifies a complete ignorance of the product," or else to have an image that is fuzzy, degraded, faded, lost; to be forgotten or hidden, to encounter indifference or opposition, in short, to disappear": "certain companies struggle ... not to lose it [their image], not to disappear"."
0	"similarly, one must abstain from any "esotericism" (a mode of expression that has high value in the inspired world), for this mode is treated as a manifestation of ostracism with respect to the majority."
0	"a being of great fame creates a public, constitutes it as such, just as much as that being is created by its public."
0	"to make oneself known, it is a good idea to have a name, or, for products, a brand name, inscribed on a medium such as a label or a badge."
0	"beings achieve worth only if the presentation is made visible, in a transparent space in which it can be looked at and compared."
0	"since the target audience is developers, i opted to leave some parts a little less user-friendly, such as the `settings.py` config system."
0	"only a demonstration of the judgment of public opinion makes it possible to reduce the tension between the worth one attributes to oneself (ideal) and the worth that is attributed to one by others (real): "before undertaking any action at all on a brand image, it is important to know the real image (or the absence of a real image); to define with precision the ideal image that it would be desirable to promote"."
0	"the head of trpt, johanna thomas, said the national groups acted "kind of like a public relations firm for the river, because they had the ability to put out materials and reach a huge audience, much like advertisers do"."
0	"the tools that help establish the worth of fame include brochures, flyers, booklets, magazines, newsletters, books, public relation offices, audiovisual productions, press releases, and interviews."
0	"the brand name makes it possible to crystallize a trend in public opinion, through a brand image."
0	""a demonstration serves as a medium, from the vehicle to the message, obvious or implied, which makes it possible to achieve the desired goal."
0	"the presentation may take the form of a press conference, "during which some important information is transmitted to journalists," or it may take the form of an inauguration or launching "that brings together big names, carefully chosen and important audiences, and journalists," and which makes it possible, while producing "as great a sensation as possible, ... to alert visitors and incite them to come in"."
0	"* 25 ready-made social badges using brand colors"
0	"the public is a spectator when it receives certain information that may prompt a reaction of endorsement, opposition, or indifference."
0	"thus, the clavey dispute in the local area took on the appearance of a "public opinion war" because both sides effectively utilized the many tools available to them."
0	"much attention was given by the media to a visit by senator barbara boxer to the region, when she came out against the dam."
0	"in the world of fame, there are few things that can consolidate and stabilize the relation between worth, which comes exclusively from the opinion of others, and the bearer of worth, an entity (person or thing) that is not qualified by properties scribed in its being in a lasting way."
0	"they are worthy and great when they are famous, recognized, successful, or convincing."
0	"\nthe judgment of public opinion (judgmfnt}\nrumor, unconfirmed report, fashion,\nstanding, sensation,\nrepercussion, proper proportions (reduce to),\nmeasure (the audience)."
0	"as a guide we used a training book in public relations, principes et techniques des relations publiques."
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"the judgment may be supported, as we have already seen, by survey techniques that allow the establishment of a measure, a standing that helps reassure the celebrities of the undeniable worth that they are afforded by the recognition granted them."
0	"thus "every satisfied driver identifies with his car and \'defends\' it against judgments formulated by others"."
0	"mills goes further to argue against judging the project in terms of opinion at all; he believes opinion evaluations are dangerous because opinion is so fickle and so easily manipulated by "public affairs gurus" and "spin doctors" who know how to "push buttons" on "whatever   s popular right now"."
0	"being acquainted with something is equivalent to having heard of it: "by virtue of hearing of [someone or something] in any number of ways, the public has the impression, even if it is not involved in a consumer relationship, that it knows [that person or thing] ."
0	"to include others is to be recognized by others, to attract their attention, to convince them, to obtain respect from them, to earn or win their support."
0	"in this world, relevant persons are well-known personalities, stars, opinion leaders, journalists."
0	"however, arrangements of worth may include persons who are neither big names nor their jam but who serve as judges responsible for focusing attention on the worth established by fame."
0	"in the world of public opinion, judgment is in fact manifested by the convergence of opinions that produce a rumor, an unconfirmed report."
0	"to make oneself known, it is a good idea to have a name, or, for products, a brand name, inscribed on a medium such as a label or a badge."
0	"if you enjoy octoprint, please consider becoming a regular supporter!**"
0	"stars thus give up not only their private lives but also individual or personal attitudes, which are denigrated in this world as extravagances or whims that might displease the public at large."
0	"to reduce a rumor or an unconfirmed report to its proper proportions, one must resort to the "reactions of public opinion"."
0	"stars thus give up not only their private lives but also individual or personal attitudes, which are denigrated in this world as extravagances or whims that might displease the public at large."
0	"but then the public becomes an actor, for in most cases it will talk about that information to other publics to which it can communicate its opinion"."
0	"\nnames in the media (objects) brand,\nmessage, sender,\nreceiver, campaign,\npublic relation, press,\ninterview, bulletin,\nmedium, brochure,\nmailing, badge,\naudiovisual,\natmosphere, setting."
0	"subjected to such influences, opinion creates fashion; it circulates the way a rumor does in a communications network, and thus imparts value to the beings of that nature whose fame spreads mutually from one to another: "if for example a company succeeds in inviting big names, stars, the reputation of those big names will carry over to the company itself"."
0	"the clavey dispute, advocates for both sides had at their disposal a well-developed set of tools (used in political disputes of all sorts in the united states) for generating public and media attention, such as a fax network for press releases, slick bumper stickers (the opposition   s read simply: "save the clavey"), guest editorials sent out to newspapers for consideration, slide shows, newsletters and mass mailings, endorsement campaigns and announcements, and a distinctly american form of pamphlet, the "alert"."
0	"similarly, one must abstain from any "esotericism" (a mode of expression that has high value in the inspired world), for this mode is treated as a manifestation of ostracism with respect to the majority."
0	"\nthe judgment of public opinion (judgmfnt}\nrumor, unconfirmed report, fashion,\nstanding, sensation,\nrepercussion, proper proportions (reduce to),\nmeasure (the audience)."
0	"## audience of django-shop users"
0	"thus "every satisfied driver identifies with his car and \'defends\' it against judgments formulated by others"."
0	"these crisscrossed comparisons weave a network."
0	"the natural order distributes the range of images by positioning them in relation to their publics, which are divided up into targets or audiences."
0	"this advertisement for the river then paid crucial dividends in the form of pressure on the dam proponents to recognize that not just the politicians were against the dam but also masses of people from throughout the state and nation, many of whom wrote letters to government calling for a halt to the project."
0	"thus, for example, "the press, in all its forms, allows employees of a company to compare their company, their own working conditions and salaries, to other companies in the same sector, or even in other sectors"."
0	"* 25 ready-made social badges using brand colors"
0	"let us note that, in this world, the qualifiers of worth are applied without distinction to persons and to other beings, even though, as in the other worlds, only persons can reach the highest state."
0	"a surgeon and an explorer may be equivalent when they are considered from the standpoint of fame: "when a cosmonaut, a famous surgeon who has done successful heart transplants, or a celebrated explorer is featured at a company event, this is certain to attract the attention of the public"."
0	""a demonstration serves as a medium, from the vehicle to the message, obvious or implied, which makes it possible to achieve the desired goal."
0	"thus, the clavey dispute in the local area took on the appearance of a "public opinion war" because both sides effectively utilized the many tools available to them."
0	""a demonstration serves as a medium, from the vehicle to the message, obvious or implied, which makes it possible to achieve the desired goal."
0	"more significantly, both cases involve denunciations of these sorts of "publicity" moves."
0	"if you enjoy octoprint, please consider becoming a regular supporter!**"
0	"they have a common desire to be recognized, a common craving for respect."
0	"in this world in which everything that has value is immediately known and visible, persons are constantly making comparisons."
0	"the natural order distributes the range of images by positioning them in relation to their publics, which are divided up into targets or audiences."
0	"however, both cases involve attempts at gaining media attention or influencing the impressions of an audience who might not know the issues in-depth."
0	"but then the public becomes an actor, for in most cases it will talk about that information to other publics to which it can communicate its opinion"."
0	"the brand name makes it possible to crystallize a trend in public opinion, through a brand image."
0	"interviews with key environmental leaders in the clavey dispute reveal they were explicitly concerned with making the clavey a well-known issue, particularly among environmentally minded citizens in san francisco and nationwide, and among key elected officials such as national democratic congressional representatives who might endorse the opposition campaign."
0	"these crisscrossed comparisons weave a network."
0	"a surgeon and an explorer may be equivalent when they are considered from the standpoint of fame: "when a cosmonaut, a famous surgeon who has done successful heart transplants, or a celebrated explorer is featured at a company event, this is certain to attract the attention of the public"."
0	"being acquainted with something is equivalent to having heard of it: "by virtue of hearing of [someone or something] in any number of ways, the public has the impression, even if it is not involved in a consumer relationship, that it knows [that person or thing] ."
0	"the brand name makes it possible to crystallize a trend in public opinion, through a brand image."
0	"as a guide we used a training book in public relations, principes et techniques des relations publiques."
0	"however, both cases involve attempts at gaining media attention or influencing the impressions of an audience who might not know the issues in-depth."
0	"if you enjoy octoprint, please consider becoming a regular supporter!**"
0	"such a person "takes on the potential strength of each of his audiences" and manifests that strength by concentrating it in himself."
0	"communicating an opinion to the largest possible number of persons allows fame to spread by contagion; this is accomplished within an arrangement that includes a "sender, a receiver, and a medium, an intermediary charged with conveying the message to its intended audience"."
0	"the relation of inclusion among the worthy through their fame and their audience is expressed in terms of influence."
0	"this kind of worth is based on nothing other than the number of individuals who grant their recognition."
0	"a surgeon and an explorer may be equivalent when they are considered from the standpoint of fame: "when a cosmonaut, a famous surgeon who has done successful heart transplants, or a celebrated explorer is featured at a company event, this is certain to attract the attention of the public"."
0	"much attention was given by the media to a visit by senator barbara boxer to the region, when she came out against the dam."
0	"activists in the clavey case even developed ingenious methods for informing the public and prompting "ordinary citizens" to write to their legislators."
0	"to be unworthy, in the logic of public opinion, is to be banal (not to have been "debanalized"), "not to have any image at all, which in general signifies a complete ignorance of the product," or else to have an image that is fuzzy, degraded, faded, lost; to be forgotten or hidden, to encounter indifference or opposition, in short, to disappear": "certain companies struggle ... not to lose it [their image], not to disappear"."
0	"much attention was given by the media to a visit by senator barbara boxer to the region, when she came out against the dam."
0	"thus, for example, "the press, in all its forms, allows employees of a company to compare their company, their own working conditions and salaries, to other companies in the same sector, or even in other sectors"."
0	""a demonstration serves as a medium, from the vehicle to the message, obvious or implied, which makes it possible to achieve the desired goal."
0	"another project supporter, shirley campbell, also acknowledged the importance of opinion on a local level."
0	"this kind of worth is based on nothing other than the number of individuals who grant their recognition."
0	"activists in the clavey case even developed ingenious methods for informing the public and prompting "ordinary citizens" to write to their legislators."
0	"fame establishes worth."
0	"however, arrangements of worth may include persons who are neither big names nor their jam but who serve as judges responsible for focusing attention on the worth established by fame."
0	"activists in the clavey case even developed ingenious methods for informing the public and prompting "ordinary citizens" to write to their legislators."
0	"trpt worked with national environmental groups including american rivers, which publishes an annual list of "the ten most endangered rivers" in the united states and generates a great deal of national media coverage."
0	"to be unworthy, in the logic of public opinion, is to be banal (not to have been "debanalized"), "not to have any image at all, which in general signifies a complete ignorance of the product," or else to have an image that is fuzzy, degraded, faded, lost; to be forgotten or hidden, to encounter indifference or opposition, in short, to disappear": "certain companies struggle ... not to lose it [their image], not to disappear"."
0	"the demonstration is patent when this convergence is visible owing to the affluence of the world and can thus amplify itself on its own like a fashion: "it is well known that the world attracts the world and that the circus atmosphere (in the good sense) is always a safe bet"."
0	"the term strength, although it is ambiguous, is used in the manual we are referring to here, as it is in hobbes's canonical texts, especially in the evocation of the way in which a famous person encompasses his public and increases in stature in proportion to its support."
0	"thus "every satisfied driver identifies with his car and \'defends\' it against judgments formulated by others"."
0	"to establish a relation of influence, one has to hook, attract, alert, gain a following (fans) or a reputation, persuade, reach, sensitize, mobilize, interest, inform, seduce."
0	"the current objects in this world are trademarks, badges, message transmitters and receivers, press releases and booklets."
0	"having no secrets is the price paid, more generally, for reaching the state of worthiness in this world."
0	"attracting the attention and influencing the opinion of politicians is another area of comparative difference."
0	"talking about something, mentioning it, dropping a name, and publishing a book are all ways of "getting a message across," of releasing, spreading a piece of information."
0	"similarly, one must abstain from any "esotericism" (a mode of expression that has high value in the inspired world), for this mode is treated as a manifestation of ostracism with respect to the majority."
0	"a surgeon and an explorer may be equivalent when they are considered from the standpoint of fame: "when a cosmonaut, a famous surgeon who has done successful heart transplants, or a celebrated explorer is featured at a company event, this is certain to attract the attention of the public"."
0	"in the world of public opinion, worthy beings are the ones that distinguish themselves, are visible, famous, recognized: their visibility depends on their more or less attention-getting, persuasive, informative character."
0	"persuasion\n(relationships)\ninfluence, convince,\nsensitize, attract,\nseduce, hook,\npenetrate, capture,\nlaunch, emit,\ncirculate (cause to),\npropagate, \norient, amplify, talk about, cite."
0	"similarly, "a good public relations policy may make it possible, for example, owing to good contacts with the press, to amplify \'good information.\'" "a public" thus plays "a dual role: spectator and actor."
0	"the natural order distributes the range of images by positioning them in relation to their publics, which are divided up into targets or audiences."
0	"petetin says, "the indian culture is a culture shared by men and women who lived in harmony with nature all year around, without spoiling it, while using its richness, while loving it, while knowing it"."
0	"so wilderness is valued (by dam opponents) because of its non-human qualities, but the pristine quality of wilderness is used as a justification (against building the dam) because pristine wilderness has a benefit for humanity."
0	"deep ecology a particular variant of "green" standards of evaluation known as "deep ecology" has been developed, primarily in the united states but initially in europe, which makes a very important move away from the common moral requirements found in the other types of justification we have been considering."
0	"in france the idea of "domesticated nature" is not necessarily set against "untouched wilderness" as in the united states53 while the clavey debate often concerns separating what is to be untouched and what is not, this is not always the case in the somport debate, and there are instead connections made between the domestic life of the valley and its natural life."
0	"arguments in the somport controversy focus on the singularity of the aspe valley and the scarcity and uniqueness of the animals in the area."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"the tribal member most active in the clavey controversy is a grandmother named phyllis harness, who expressed her attachment to the clavey in many ways, including the fact that her grandson is named "clavey"."
0	"we cannot take care of bears without taking care of the forest or the pastures, because the bears are demanding"."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"Petetins reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"at a further level, some environmental evaluations depart from the political and moral requirements which are shared by all orders of worth where common humanity is the group of reference for the evaluation and propose an extension of the "community" of reference to include non-human entities (a move to "ecocentrism" rather than "anthropocentrism")."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life."
0	"for example, one reason offered against the road-tunnel project was, "the survival of the large pyrenean scavenger birds depends on the perennial continuation of traditional practices such as mountain transhumance"."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"the tribal member most active in the clavey controversy is a grandmother named phyllis harness, who expressed her attachment to the clavey in many ways, including the fact that her grandson is named "clavey"."
0	"in france the idea of "domesticated nature" is not necessarily set against "untouched wilderness" as in the united states53 while the clavey debate often concerns separating what is to be untouched and what is not, this is not always the case in the somport debate, and there are instead connections made between the domestic life of the valley and its natural life."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes."
0	"the forest service rated the river partly on its value as an undisturbed habitat."
0	"for example, there are similar arguments in both cases about the value of being attached for a long time to a land that has been passed down through several generations of ones family, and these are then combined with arguments about the natural value of the land and the need to preserve it for the future."
0	"there are several senses in which the river is characterized as a unique natural place: in terms of being the "last" undammed river in the ecosystem, in terms of its specific role in local heritage and its historical importance, in terms of being a "rare" ecosystem not found elsewhere and in terms of the number of endangered species which live in the ecosystem."
0	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life."
0	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation."
0	"and our analysis adds an important comparative dimension missing from most previous work on environmental rhetoric by asking what differences might exist in the content or use of "green" arguments or images in these two countries, which have different environmental histories and movements. justifications based on "green-ness" and environmentalism ["green" worth] many examples in previous sections refer to nature or the environment within an evaluation based on non-environmental justifications and principles, e.g."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"in addition to the bears, other animals were put forward as endangered by the project, including a unique sort of amphibious mole. untouched wilderness in the clavey case, there are numerous arguments about keeping the clavey "free-flowing," "untouched," "pristine," and "the way it was long before humans arrived"."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"clean/non-polluting, renewable, recyclable, sustainable, and in harmony with nature."
0	"he contrasts wild bears with non-wild bears put in zoos, and compares this to the contrast between genuine humans and non-genuine humans who are forced by environmental restrictions to live in a "reservation of humans like a reservation of indians"     in this way he uses cohabitation ironically as a defense of the project and at the same time denounces his opponent, who often identifies himself with the native indian ideal of living in harmony with the land. native "indian" attachments to sites makes an ideal of the intimate connections of native indians to their culturally significant sites."
0	"in exploring the category of "green" justifications, we contribute fresh insight into the literature on environmental discourse or rhetoric, particularly the understanding of the different conceptions of wilderness and nature in the united states and france, and of the relations of humans (and human communities) and nature."
0	"one of her primary self-descriptions is as a "gatherer". one who collects plants, particularly mushrooms, from the ancestral lands which surround the clavey and she often describes her gathering as a ritual, "sacred" cultural practice (something her elders taught her)."
0	"in the clavey case, uniqueness arguments are perhaps the most prevalent environmental justifications offered by dam opponents."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"an exhibition on the bears in the valley town of accous tells the "fabulous story of a mythical animal"."
0	"petetin often dresses up using some symbols of american indian costumes like a feather in his hair, and holds up indian culture as an exemplar of a sustainable and harmonious relationship with the land     this attachment is then used as a green justification for his position against the somport project (although there is also a significant element of inspiration justification)."
0	"this cohabitation problem is found in both cases, but is perhaps more central in france, where the connection between wild nature and domesticated nature has been built up over time."
0	"the forest service rated the river partly on its value as an undisturbed habitat."
0	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"but in the deep ecology philosophy and movement, the community of "everyone" that is the basis for evaluations is extended beyond the human community to include the good of non-human natural entities (e.g. trees, animals); they refer to this as a shift from "anthropocentrism" to "ecocentrism"."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation."
0	"at a further level, some environmental evaluations depart from the political and moral requirements which are shared by all orders of worth where common humanity is the group of reference for the evaluation and propose an extension of the "community" of reference to include non-human entities (a move to "ecocentrism" rather than "anthropocentrism")."
0	"we cannot take care of bears without taking care of the forest or the pastures, because the bears are demanding"."
0	"but in the deep ecology philosophy and movement, the community of "everyone" that is the basis for evaluations is extended beyond the human community to include the good of non-human natural entities (e.g. trees, animals); they refer to this as a shift from "anthropocentrism" to "ecocentrism"."
0	"Petetins reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"the green characterization of "natural" heritage is particularly oriented toward future generations."
0	"we cannot take care of bears without taking care of the forest or the pastures, because the bears are demanding"."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"petetin often dresses up using some symbols of american indian costumes like a feather in his hair, and holds up indian culture as an exemplar of a sustainable and harmonious relationship with the land     this attachment is then used as a green justification for his position against the somport project (although there is also a significant element of inspiration justification)."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"Petetins reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans"."
0	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover."
0	"in addition to the bears, other animals were put forward as endangered by the project, including a unique sort of amphibious mole. untouched wilderness in the clavey case, there are numerous arguments about keeping the clavey "free-flowing," "untouched," "pristine," and "the way it was long before humans arrived"."
0	"the courting of the me-wuk tribes endorsement was clearly important both because of its political appeal (politicians are known to be sensitive to "native" issues), and because their attachment to the land makes them the most legitimate "spokespersons for the land"."
0	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes."
0	"the tribal member most active in the clavey controversy is a grandmother named phyllis harness, who expressed her attachment to the clavey in many ways, including the fact that her grandson is named "clavey"."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"so wilderness is valued (by dam opponents) because of its non-human qualities, but the pristine quality of wilderness is used as a justification (against building the dam) because pristine wilderness has a benefit for humanity."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"there are several senses in which the river is characterized as a unique natural place: in terms of being the "last" undammed river in the ecosystem, in terms of its specific role in local heritage and its historical importance, in terms of being a "rare" ecosystem not found elsewhere and in terms of the number of endangered species which live in the ecosystem."
0	"in the clavey case, for example, dam opponents made the arguments that wild places like the clavey must be preserved because they have been entrusted to our stewardship by past generations and we must pass them on the future generations."
0	"an exhibition on the bears in the valley town of accous tells the "fabulous story of a mythical animal"."
0	"in france, the notion of a "sublime" and "wild" nature is commonly found in the somport dispute, as in the clavey dispute. "if you touch the aspe valley, if you want to make it more accessible, if you give it over to concrete and trucks, it would be a crime against beauty, an acid facelift of the noble visage of a distinguished old lady"."
0	"the clavey activist wally anker combines arguments in this way by saying first that the clavey is "the only place i know that is the same today as it was during the ice age," then saying that his family has lived near the clavey for generations, and he wants to preserve the clavey so his grandchildren can have the same attachment to it."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"Petetins reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g."
0	"there are several senses in which the river is characterized as a unique natural place: in terms of being the "last" undammed river in the ecosystem, in terms of its specific role in local heritage and its historical importance, in terms of being a "rare" ecosystem not found elsewhere and in terms of the number of endangered species which live in the ecosystem."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"we cannot take care of bears without taking care of the forest or the pastures, because the bears are demanding"."
0	"deep ecology a particular variant of "green" standards of evaluation known as "deep ecology" has been developed, primarily in the united states but initially in europe, which makes a very important move away from the common moral requirements found in the other types of justification we have been considering."
0	"the green order of worth is revealed in distinctly "green" qualifications, such as the "health" of trout in the clavey river valued as something that is good for humanity, which are not considered relevant in any other order."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"in exploring the category of "green" justifications, we contribute fresh insight into the literature on environmental discourse or rhetoric, particularly the understanding of the different conceptions of wilderness and nature in the united states and france, and of the relations of humans (and human communities) and nature."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"at a further level, some environmental evaluations depart from the political and moral requirements which are shared by all orders of worth where common humanity is the group of reference for the evaluation and propose an extension of the "community" of reference to include non-human entities (a move to "ecocentrism" rather than "anthropocentrism")."
0	"this raises the problem of arranging for "cohabitation" of humans and animals in making green arguments."
0	"the sacredness of her attachment to this place is in some ways "proved" only through being present in the place, and she prizes the experience of being near the clavey."
0	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans"."
0	"they emphasized the integration of valley habitats: "the bear is an integrator."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"deep ecology a particular variant of "green" standards of evaluation known as "deep ecology" has been developed, primarily in the united states but initially in europe, which makes a very important move away from the common moral requirements found in the other types of justification we have been considering."
0	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans"."
0	"there are several senses in which the river is characterized as a unique natural place: in terms of being the "last" undammed river in the ecosystem, in terms of its specific role in local heritage and its historical importance, in terms of being a "rare" ecosystem not found elsewhere and in terms of the number of endangered species which live in the ecosystem."
0	"petetin says, "the indian culture is a culture shared by men and women who lived in harmony with nature all year around, without spoiling it, while using its richness, while loving it, while knowing it"."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"Petetins reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"in exploring the category of "green" justifications, we contribute fresh insight into the literature on environmental discourse or rhetoric, particularly the understanding of the different conceptions of wilderness and nature in the united states and france, and of the relations of humans (and human communities) and nature."
0	"when mitigations to infrastructure plans are proposed to make them more environmentally sensitive. these types of justifications     which might add a new "order of worth" to the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme have become more refined and widespread since the rise of the global environmental movement in the past few decades, but they also have important historical and cultural precursors."
0	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans"."
0	"animals can of course be included in these evaluations of wild places as part of our heritage, but animals have their own attachment to the wild place in terms of their "habitat," an attachment which environmentalism wants to preserve as part of "heritage"."
0	"the sacredness of her attachment to this place is in some ways "proved" only through being present in the place, and she prizes the experience of being near the clavey."
0	"the green order of worth is revealed in distinctly "green" qualifications, such as the "health" of trout in the clavey river valued as something that is good for humanity, which are not considered relevant in any other order."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"in france the idea of "domesticated nature" is not necessarily set against "untouched wilderness" as in the united states53 while the clavey debate often concerns separating what is to be untouched and what is not, this is not always the case in the somport debate, and there are instead connections made between the domestic life of the valley and its natural life."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"the sacredness of her attachment to this place is in some ways "proved" only through being present in the place, and she prizes the experience of being near the clavey."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"the clavey activist wally anker combines arguments in this way by saying first that the clavey is "the only place i know that is the same today as it was during the ice age," then saying that his family has lived near the clavey for generations, and he wants to preserve the clavey so his grandchildren can have the same attachment to it."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"petetin often dresses up using some symbols of american indian costumes like a feather in his hair, and holds up indian culture as an exemplar of a sustainable and harmonious relationship with the land     this attachment is then used as a green justification for his position against the somport project (although there is also a significant element of inspiration justification)."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"and our analysis adds an important comparative dimension missing from most previous work on environmental rhetoric by asking what differences might exist in the content or use of "green" arguments or images in these two countries, which have different environmental histories and movements. justifications based on "green-ness" and environmentalism ["green" worth] many examples in previous sections refer to nature or the environment within an evaluation based on non-environmental justifications and principles, e.g."
0	"an exhibition on the bears in the valley town of accous tells the "fabulous story of a mythical animal"."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"to surpass oneself, one must plunge down into the place where worth can be manifested- that is, into oneself-"take a sort of mental voyage," "a trip without drugs, as it were"-in order to awaken one\'s "dormant faculties" by means of dreams and fantasies; one must "know how to use sleep," give oneself over to daydreaming, "not always think about being useful, efficient, logical, rational.""
0	"worth is often qualified negatively in such a way as to emphasize what is lacking, what would be needed in order to grasp, evaluate, and stabilize a situation."
0	"the reality of the imaginary (figures)."
0	"finally, activists refer to the natural harmony of man and nature, an equilibrium that is beautiful and inspiring, that is found in the remote canyon."
0	"a less obvious but often quite significant category of justifications involve judgments based on inspiration, passion, and emotion, and often point to the singularity or creativity of a person, object, or action which is the source of inspiration."
0	"thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: baudelaire, cocteau, einstein, galileo, mozart, shakespeare, and the like."
0	"escape from habits (investment)."
0	"vagabondage of the mind (test)."
0	"It takes inspiration in tools that exist in other languages, like `composer` (PHP) or `cargo` (Rust)."
0	"its expressions are diverse and many-sided: holiness, creativity, artistic sensibility, imagination, etc."
0	"this library was made by possible based on code and design inspiration from these sources:"
0	"a true adventure is an inner adventure, and a true voyage is a voyage of the mind, a pathfinding, a quest."
0	"imaginary, unconscious."
0	"the inspiration for mozdef comes from the large arsenal of tools available to attackers."
0	"- in addition, you may use, copy, modify and redistribute all artistic creative works (figures and images) included in this distribution under the directory"
0	"it is in the nature of inspiration to pour out, to spring up, to manifest itself through a \'\'flash of genius," a "spark" that will provoke the appearance of an idea, an illumination or unusual intuition that disturbs, bringing in its wake a "confused bubbling up," a "strange whirlwind.""
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"the reality of the imaginary (figures)."
0	"in this world, in which beings are appreciated for their uniqueness and in which the being with the highest degree of generality is the most original, the worthy are at once unique and universal."
0	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves."
0	"in both the somport and clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature."
0	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange.""
0	"one must adopt a "different language," that of "images, phantasms, symbols, myths, legends," shot through with associations, open to the fantastic, to dreams, and "nourished by the prodigious accumulation of images, memories, and myths that has built up without our conscious awareness.""
0	"reference to this world is made, nonetheless, each time people attain worth without bothering about opinions of others."
0	"it is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good."
0	"even when they attain recognition, they never see in their success the very bases of their work\'s value or of their own."
0	"- in addition, you may use, copy, modify and redistribute all artistic creative works (figures and images) included in this distribution under the directory"
0	"reference to this world is made, nonetheless, each time people attain worth without bothering about opinions of others."
0	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use."
0	"a less obvious but often quite significant category of justifications involve judgments based on inspiration, passion, and emotion, and often point to the singularity or creativity of a person, object, or action which is the source of inspiration."
0	"it leads to the experience of particular states "in which the barriers are down," bodily states and mind-jests that are moments of plenitude and inspiration."
0	"`pyfunctional`\'s api takes inspiration from scala collections, apache spark rdds, and microsoft"
0	"run with an inspiration in a clean environment"
0	"the polity comes undone when the temptation to come down to earth wins out over the impulse to take flight."
0	"it is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good."
0	"you\'re just looking for [some inspiration][inspiration], we\'ve got you covered."
0	"the "unforeseen accidents of creation" ("with all its-happily- uncontrolled and mysterious aspects"), its detours, call for humility, which allows one to "transcend the prideful assurance of the expert.""
0	"one must "break out of habits and routine," "accept risks," "reject habits, norms, sacrosanct principles," and call everything into question while shaking oneself loose from the "inertia of knowledge.""
0	"i find this very useful, and you can get really creative with it too."
0	"i find this very useful, and you can get really creative with it too."
0	"the universal value of uniqueness (relation of worth)."
0	"worth is often qualified negatively in such a way as to emphasize what is lacking, what would be needed in order to grasp, evaluate, and stabilize a situation."
0	"micronaut is developed by the creators of the grails framework and takes inspiration from lessons learnt over the years building real-world applications from monoliths to microservices using spring, spring boot and grails."
0	"adventure, quest, mental voyage, pathfinding, lived experience."
0	"our elite teams challenge themselves to build extraordinary experiences by bridging the latest strategy and design thinking with enterprise-grade software development."
0	"this library was made by possible based on code and design inspiration from these sources:"
0	"love, passion, create."
0	"create, discover, quest, imagine, dream, explode (cause to)."
0	"`com.moagrius.widgets.scrollview` is a clone of aosp\'s `scrollview` and `horizontalscrollview`, with some inspiration taken from `recyclerview` and `gesturedetector`."
0	"the terms that designate the operation of avoiding alternate worlds (which are denounced as illusory) take on particular relief here: to prepare oneself for worthiness is to "shed one\'s rational mental outlook," "give up" everything in order to devote oneself to one\'s vocation, shed one\'s skin, get rid of one\'s old self."
0	"`com.moagrius.widgets.scrollview` is a clone of aosp\'s `scrollview` and `horizontalscrollview`, with some inspiration taken from `recyclerview` and `gesturedetector`."
0	"poverty leads to worth through a stripping away that leaves the body bare."
0	"it arises, particularly, in the personal body when prepared by asceticism, and especially through emotions."
0	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist."
0	"the way to escape from reality is to "let imagination run wild," "turn individuals into explorers of the imaginary so they can succeed in "descending into the unconscious," for "all creation draws upon the unconscious.""
0	"to surpass oneself, one must plunge down into the place where worth can be manifested- that is, into oneself-"take a sort of mental voyage," "a trip without drugs, as it were"-in order to awaken one\'s "dormant faculties" by means of dreams and fantasies; one must "know how to use sleep," give oneself over to daydreaming, "not always think about being useful, efficient, logical, rational.""
0	"its way of appearing is to deposit a breath that animates, that draws "imagination out of its stupor" and prods it to take off."
0	"If you\'re feeling confident, use"
0	"artists do not necessarily reject public marks of reputation or financial recognition, but they must, in order to be allowed to accept them, make a compromise, which is always difficult to reach, with another kind of worth, say, for example, with that of renown or of the market."
0	"without going into details, one can show that, in the world of inspiration, the relevant beings are, for example, spirits, crazy people, artists, children."
0	"it is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good."
0	"the reality of the imaginary (figures)."
0	"it allows itself to be known by means of signs that unveil its existence and suggest what it may be, but without making itself present."
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"it is manifested by feelings and passions, and it is experienced as devouring, terrifying, enriching, exciting, exalting, fascinating, disturbing, and so on."
0	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange.""
0	"the main opposition figure is often portrayed in quasi-religious terms, e.g. as an english preacher sermonizing alone in the desert who presumably preaches his opposition message from a spiritual inspiration. he gives impassioned speeches with artistic flair and gestures; he lives in an abandoned railroad car in the valley and, in a similarly avant-garde way, has transformed the derelict railway station into a cafe to welcome hip, non-touristy travelers."
0	"access to inspired worth thus calls for sacrificing forms of stabilization and the contrivances that ensure the identity of persons in other worlds."
0	"it is in the nature of inspiration to pour out, to spring up, to manifest itself through a \'\'flash of genius," a "spark" that will provoke the appearance of an idea, an illumination or unusual intuition that disturbs, bringing in its wake a "confused bubbling up," a "strange whirlwind.""
0	"paralyzed, habit, external signs, reproductive. the inspired world, in which beings must be prepared to welcome changes of state, is weakly equipped and not very well stabilized."
0	"worth is often qualified negatively in such a way as to emphasize what is lacking, what would be needed in order to grasp, evaluate, and stabilize a situation."
0	"you\'re just looking for [some inspiration][inspiration], we\'ve got you covered."
0	"a less obvious but often quite significant category of justifications involve judgments based on inspiration, passion, and emotion, and often point to the singularity or creativity of a person, object, or action which is the source of inspiration."
0	"run with an inspiration in a clean environment"
0	"thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: baudelaire, cocteau, einstein, galileo, mozart, shakespeare, and the like."
0	"one shifts without transition from the singularity of the i to the generality of man."
0	"it leads to the experience of particular states "in which the barriers are down," bodily states and mind-jests that are moments of plenitude and inspiration."
0	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application."
0	"in this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness."
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"imaginary, unconscious."
0	"this is particularly true of the professional river rafters who became involved in the opposition campaign (they spend more time physically near the clavey than anyone else), and of the members of the me-wuk tribe who attach not simply an emotional but a religious importance to the clavey canyon."
0	"the polity comes undone when the temptation to come down to earth wins out over the impulse to take flight."
0	"thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: baudelaire, cocteau, einstein, galileo, mozart, shakespeare, and the like."
0	"evidence takes the form of an affective state, a feeling that is spontaneous, involuntary, and fleeting; its validity demands neither approval from others (as it would in the world of fame) nor the construction of a routine that stabilizes relationships among objects (as it would in the industrial world)."
0	"one shifts without transition from the singularity of the i to the generality of man."
0	"the anxiety of creation (dignity)."
0	"in terms of inspiration, *black* is about as configurable as *gofmt*."
0	"they are also qualified by properties that express both the determination and the reproduction of sameness (as opposed to originality) and also the flexibility and stability of that which, lacking impetus or held in restraint, cannot grow: they are frozen in the repetition on of (industrial) routines or (domestic) habits, and locked into the reproduction of what is already known."
0	"a less obvious but often quite significant category of justifications involve judgments based on inspiration, passion, and emotion, and often point to the singularity or creativity of a person, object, or action which is the source of inspiration."
0	"one must "break out of habits and routine," "accept risks," "reject habits, norms, sacrosanct principles," and call everything into question while shaking oneself loose from the "inertia of knowledge.""
0	"from here what you do is only limited by your imagination, but here are a few ideas to get started:"
0	"reference to this world is made, nonetheless, each time people attain worth without bothering about opinions of others."
0	"thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: baudelaire, cocteau, einstein, galileo, mozart, shakespeare, and the like."
0	"inexpressible and ethereal, bizarre, unusual, marvelous, unspeakable, disturbing, &citing, spontaneous, emotional."
0	"in both the somport and clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature."
0	"people refer to the clavey canyon as a special place evoking personal tranquility, and they talk about the transformative feeling of being a mere human in the rugged wilderness of the area."
0	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use."
0	"although these sorts of arguments often lead to the critique that they are unable to be discussed or challenged as general (more than personal) claims, and that they are irrational or unreasonable, we find that emotionally inspired (or inspiring) gestures and claims can be publicly displayed, commonly evaluated, and criticized within a specific order of worth. they can be the proof of some valuable attachment beyond mere personal feelings, of people making the step from personal passion to a kind of generalized argument where inspiration is valued as a common good."
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"the worthiest persons in terms of inspiration are often despised by the world at large; they may be poor, dependent, and useless."
0	"access to inspired worth thus calls for sacrificing forms of stabilization and the contrivances that ensure the identity of persons in other worlds."
0	"in both the somport and clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature."
0	"they stem equally from a mind and a body (a gift may be manifested either in gestures or in words) that are prepared to receive inspiration- in other words, that are cut off from what connects them to arrangements of other natures and placed in a state of availability."
0	"the proof for inspiration justifications is the display of an emotion, or otherwise showing that one is moved or overwhelmed or awed."
0	"its way of appearing is to deposit a breath that animates, that draws "imagination out of its stupor" and prods it to take off."
0	"a true adventure is an inner adventure, and a true voyage is a voyage of the mind, a pathfinding, a quest."
0	"he knows, on the contrary, that he will have to experience failures, run in place for long periods, start over again and again before succeeding.""
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application."
0	"this is particularly true of the professional river rafters who became involved in the opposition campaign (they spend more time physically near the clavey than anyone else), and of the members of the me-wuk tribe who attach not simply an emotional but a religious importance to the clavey canyon."
0	"the radical singer-songwriter renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: the aspe valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that i have had the privilege of seeing"
0	"calling into question, risk, detour."
0	"the passion that moves them instills in them at the same time a desire to create- a desire awakened by inspiration- along with anxiety or doubt, love for the object pursued, and suffering."
0	"the construction of this world is based on st augustine\'s city of god and on the treatise augustine devoted to the problem of grace."
0	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange.""
0	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange.""
0	"thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: baudelaire, cocteau, einstein, galileo, mozart, shakespeare, and the like."
0	"If you\'re feeling confident, use"
0	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves."
0	"in terms of inspiration, *black* is about as configurable as *gofmt*."
0	"the temptation to come down to earth (the fall)."
0	"worthy persons in the inspired world understand other beings, encompass them and bring them to fulfillment, not by representing what they all have in common (as spokespersons do in the civic world, for example), but rather by asserting their own uniqueness."
0	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use."
0	"the inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations."
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"reference to this world is made, nonetheless, each time people attain worth without bothering about opinions of others."
0	"the radical singer-songwriter renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: the aspe valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that i have had the privilege of seeing"
0	"calling into question, risk, detour."
0	"the radical singer-songwriter renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: the aspe valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that i have had the privilege of seeing"
0	"finally, activists refer to the natural harmony of man and nature, an equilibrium that is beautiful and inspiring, that is found in the remote canyon."
0	"Every week, new GAN papers are coming out and it\'s hard to keep track of them all, not to mention the incredibly creative ways in which researchers are naming these GANs!"
0	"he knows, on the contrary, that he will have to experience failures, run in place for long periods, start over again and again before succeeding.""
0	"all the things that support and outfit equivalence in the other worlds, such as measures, rules, money, hierarchy, and laws, are missing here."
0	"the inspired world has to confront the paradox of a worth that eludes measure and a form of equivalence that privileges particularity."
0	"knowledge acquired through education-the routines of schooling or the habits of family life-thus constitutes an obstacle to what leads toward worth: amazement or enthusiasm."
0	"given its weak level of accouterment, this world tolerates the existence of internal tests that are minimally objectifiable, if at all."
0	"evidence takes the form of an affective state, a feeling that is spontaneous, involuntary, and fleeting; its validity demands neither approval from others (as it would in the world of fame) nor the construction of a routine that stabilizes relationships among objects (as it would in the industrial world)."
0	"the radical singer-songwriter renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: the aspe valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that i have had the privilege of seeing"
0	"it is, for example, the case of artists."
0	"genius, independent."
0	"calling into question, risk, detour."
0	"Every week, new GAN papers are coming out and it\'s hard to keep track of them all, not to mention the incredibly creative ways in which researchers are naming these GANs!"
0	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time ."
0	"the anxiety of creation (dignity)."
0	"the outpouring of inspiration (higher common principle) inspiration."
0	"the inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations."
0	"from here what you do is only limited by your imagination, but here are a few ideas to get started:"
0	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist."
0	"poverty leads to worth through a stripping away that leaves the body bare."
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"one must thus adopt a state of openness, a welcoming attitude in order to allow "the mysterious alchemy of creation, the alchemy of things and the alchemy of words," an alchemy that composes an ever-new and shifting world: "we are speaking in vague terms of unheard-of riches, of significations that are infinite in their variety and by that very token highly imprecise.""
0	"from here what you do is only limited by your imagination, but here are a few ideas to get started:"
0	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths.""
0	"run with an inspiration in a clean environment"
