category	text
1	"google maps apis premium plan customers can use their [client id and secret][clientid] to authenticate, "
1	"with different name and namespace transactions without spending bitcoin. "
1	"your preferred price and performance. "
1	"another key aspect of microservices is that the focus of a team building a component now moves away from just delivering that component to running and maintainig that business functionality given by that component. "
1	"buy and hold : -6.18% "
1	"#### Step 2. generate your customized Dockerfile "
1	"includes sine wave and stock market data. "
1	"| 121  | [best time to buy and sell stock][121]   | array, dynamic programmin                | "
1	"enterprise customers for high-scale business applications that must meet low "
1	"If in doubt, you can simply include a source that mentions the legitimate purchase of content. "
1	"can be customized in two ways: "
1	"- want to use tencent soter in more sensitive business scenarios like login, or even payment? "
1	"i\'ve been doing mainly this project for over a year now, and even though i\'m not making money off of it, i would be extremely appreciative for any contributions to help pay for the domain and the website\'s vps. "
1	"Equally there are significant privacy concerns with devices constantly sending metadata (both during activation and other Apple-linked/-hosted activities) and linking IP addresses very strongly with real identities based on purchase payment information and if a cellular device, metadata collected about SIM, etc unless such connections are blocked at the network level (which is only possible on self-managed infrastructure, i.e. "
1	"### design amazon\'s sales ranking by category feature "
1	"* `jieba.tokenizer(dictionary=default_dict)` creates a new customized tokenizer, which enables you to use different dictionaries at the same time. "
1	"your data are still on s3 servers so you pay $0.06 for those two gigabytes, but not a single cent will be charged for any transfer. "
1	"for commercial customers, the database contents are saved automatically by default. "
1	"unlike many other frameworks, which focus on only one area, spring framework provides a wide verity of features addressing the modern business needs via its portfolio projects. "
1	"* tron virtual machine (tvm) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (dapps) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r "
1	"the relevant stocks according to the expected market reaction. "
1	"* **alibaba cloud sms**\xef\xbc\x9a a messaging service that covers the globe, alibaba sms provides convenient, efficient, and intelligent communication capabilities that help businesses quickly contact their customers. "
1	"- any kind of act, activity or business that requires any kind of governmental authorization or license to legally occur or exist, without previously obtaining such authorization or license; "
1	"mycat\xe2\x80\x99s target is to smoothly migrate the current stand-alone database and applications to cloud side with low cost and to solve the bottleneck problem caused by the rapid growth of data storage and business scale. "
1	"which is customized from square android style. "
1	"(including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; "
1	"like solr itself, the test-running can be customized or tailored in a number or "
1	"    search for `arouter helper` in the android studio plugin market, or directly download the `arouter-idea-plugin` zip installation package listed in the `latest version` above the documentation, after installation "
1	"it\'s an awesome and inspiring company, [**buy their products now!!! "
1	"yourself or pay someone to do it, if you think it\'s worth the effort. "
1	"- any kind of act, activity or business involving dangerous or controlled goods or substances, including stolen goods, firearms, radioactive materials or drugs. "
1	"i\'ve been doing mainly this project for over a year now, and even though i\'m not making money off of it, i would be extremely appreciative for any contributions to help pay for the domain and the website\'s vps. "
1	"if in doubt, you can simply include a source that mentions the legitimate purchase of content. "
1	"create a layout with the following components: two **button** views to control next and previous page, a **spinner** if you want to have a customized number of pagination (e.g. "
1	"\t        vendor: edimax technology co. ltd. "
1	"the business will benefit from faster time-to-market, reduced operational costs, maximized application lifetime, and the flexibility to integrate with new or existing technologies. "
1	"a pay library for android, and which support wechat pay and ali pay. "
1	"optionally, install via the eclipse marketplace "
1	"an application designed around individuals who keep track of their fill history on their vehicles: from price, gallons, date purchased, and miles traveled. "
1	"[**(59) can you help me restore my purchase? "
1	"So, before raising your service limits, make sure that you don\'t have any rogue scripts which could accidentally create tens of thousands of parallel executions that you don\'t want to pay for. "
1	"them is not a happy owner of android device yet it\'s truly hoped performance is not that poor on actual device compared "
1	"of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection\r "
1	"what you use is what you pay for. "
1	"- any kind of act, activity or business involving dangerous or controlled goods or substances, including stolen goods, firearms, radioactive materials or drugs. "
1	"this dataset was created from 3d-reconstructed spaces captured by our customers who agreed to make them publicly available for academic use. "
1	"Enable real orders that use your money: "
1	"  liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, "
1	"anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or\r "
1	"when the resource owner is a person, it is referred to as an end-user. "
1	"The authors gratefully acknowledge the D3M program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) administered through AFRL contract FA8750-17-2-0116; the Texas A&M College of Engineering, and Texas A&M. "
1	"[**(29) why do i get \'the item you requested is not available for purchase\'? "
1	"also known as "finally found a way to make this deep learning stuff useful for my business". "
1	"it actually continues to cost me a significant amount of money to host the andengine forums. "
1	"try out the sample applications on the android market: [feature demos][4], "
1	"  besides of that, i implement a customized `nn.dataparallel ` module which enables different batch blob size on different gpus. "
1	"if a good caller meets its obligations, the onus is thus on you to fulfill your end of the bargain. "
1	"highly customizable, you can set the two styles of progress bar, you can set the color of the bars, you can set the color and size of the progress of the text, due to the progress of the code for formatting text uses string.format (), so progress text can be customized as needed "
1	"\t        vendor: samsung electro-mechanics(thailand) "
1	"  we decompose the detection framework into different components and one can easily construct a customized object detection framework by combining different modules. "
1	"accordingly, we design two customized modules named cascade corner pooling and center pooling, which play the roles of enriching information collected by both top-left and bottom-right corners and providing more recognizable information at the central regions, respectively. "
1	"its objectives include effective levels of decoupling between devices and applications, designed to keep markets open and encourage the rapid growth of scalable web and enterprise middleware and applications. "
1	"transforming a graphical user interface screenshot created by a designer into computer code is a typical task conducted by a developer in order to build customized software, websites, and mobile applications. "
1	"buy now and sell at close or sell short now and buy to cover at close. "
1	"* **[donate $2799]**: go buddy, buy macbook pro for yourself! "
1	"there is no minimum monthly contract or a setup fee. "
1	"- any kind of illegal or criminal act, activity or business; "
1	"the most different usage between handler and watcher is, handler can use customized callback function. "
1	"meanwhile, pilelayout is able to be customized by these 4 params: "
1	"the business will benefit from faster time-to-market, reduced operational costs, maximized application lifetime, and the flexibility to integrate with new or existing technologies. "
1	"sellthreshold = 0.65         # confidence threshold for predicting sell (default = 0.65) "
1	"### focus on business capabilities and running a product "
1	"your preferred price and performance. "
1	"bitcoin has the highest level of support, including keys, transactions, validation of signed transactions, and "
1	"    to_predict=\'rental_price\', # the column we want to learn to predict given all the data in the file "
1	"output for stock market multi-dimensional multi-sequential predictions: "
1	"the goal here is to use intelligent defaults as much as possible, and then allow the most universal aspects to be customized through a common interface. "
1	"      the server issuing access tokens to the client after successfully authenticating the resource owner and obtaining authorization. "
1	"* repository\'s owner explicitly say that "this library is not maintained". "
1	"however, if you are planning to use it for commercial purposes (i.e make money off it), please do not expect free support, as it would be unfair. "
1	"in this challenge, you are asked to implement the business logic for a simplified elevator model in python. "
1	"we are the preferred choice for communication products of all types and the fastest growing gif service on the market. "
1	"stores can be customized to work with your own implementations or use our included middleware. "
1	"each service runs a unique process and communicates through a well-defined, lightweight mechanism to serve a business goal. "
1	"this is similar to contracts, but less legal and more medieval. "
1	"just at cloudera, hue is heavily used by thousand of customers executing millions of queries daily. "
1	"we are the preferred choice for communication products of all types and the fastest growing gif service on the market. "
1	"\t        vendor: canon inc. "
1	"as the cornerstone of many enterprises, relational database still takes a huge market share. "
1	"jctools offers excellent performance at a reasonable price (free! "
1	"        trading.make_trades(companies) "
1	"the code can be downloaded, customized with your logo, and run on any google app engine account. "
1	"this project is dual-licensed under the gplv3 for foss projects as well as a commercial license for independent software vendors and resellers. "
1	"during the testing period, the model signals to buy or sell based on its prediction for price "
1	"          # set reservation owner accounts. "
1	"this is the observable contract and sometimes it is the desired behavior. "
1	"support requests for services that **do** purchase the rights to distribute their content are perfectly fine though. "
1	"some commands are supported exclusively by hp printers, because other vendors have only implemented a subset of the pjl standard. "
1	"* `bigpanda_auth_bearer` - the authorization bearer header that is assigned to each customer by bigpanda. "
1	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r' "
1	"buythreshold  = 0.65         # confidence threshold for predicting buy (default = 0.65)  "
1	"it includes preconfigured grafana and kibana dashboards that can be customized. "
1	"consistent interface for trading and accessing market data. "
1	"license and price "
1	"> technical analysis of financial market data. "
1	"once you\'ve established your model can accurately predict price movement a day in advance,  "
1	" for anyone interested in building ai systems and using them for business, economic,  social and research purposes, it is critical that the person knows the likely positive, negative and unprecedented impacts the use of such technologies will have. "
1	"*if you\'re a dataset owner and wish to update any part of it (description,* "
1	"already being used to secure data of many products such as admob, google pay, "
1	"pyalgotrade is an **event driven algorithmic trading** python library. "
1	"golem is a decentralized marketplace for computing power. "
1	"note: v0.1.0 was dependent on snapshot of aes-crypto, this is only as i was waiting for the aes-crypto repo owner to upload to maven. "
1	"try out the sample application [on the android market][10]. "
1	"In activation processes after first boot, just as with first boot, a long list of highly sensitive metadata are sent hashed (note hashing does not give you any privacy from Apple here since they link this exact metadata to payment information at purchase) to Apple so it can return the personalized response required for secure boot to complete. "
1	"whether an application is social, news, or business-to-business, users expect a seamless experience both online and offline. "
1	"  We decompose the detection framework into different components and one can easily construct a customized object detection framework by combining different modules. "
1	"we open sourced the code to provide a generic status page designed to be customized by any hosted services company to provide customers up-to-date status information. "
1	"substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business "
1	"yacy also makes it easy to create a customized search portal with a few clicks. "
1	"buy accuracy: 68.24% "
1	"many programming languages claim to take testing, contracts and safety seriously, but only vigil is *truly* vigilant about not allowing code that fails to pass programmatic specifications. "
1	"\t        vendor: shenzhen ogemray technology co., ltd. "
1	"* tron virtual machine (tvm) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (dapps) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r "
1	" stitch is only intended to be used on your own pentesting labs, or with explicit consent from the owner of the property being tested. "
1	"it enables cpus and gpus to connect in a peer-to-peer network, enabling both application owners and individual users ("requestors") to rent resources from other users\xe2\x80\x99 ("providers") machines. "
1	""portions copyrighted [year] [name of copyright owner]"\r "
1	"besides, progress value can be freely customized. "
1	"them is not a happy owner of android device yet it\'s truly hoped performance is not that poor on actual device compared "
1	"* implementation for consumer driven contracts (cdc) and distributed tracing "
1	"if you like to have a customized version for special needs, "
1	"\t    vendor: hon hai precision ind. "
1	"scheduled worker collects required information from other services and sends e-mail messages to subscribed customers. "
1	"    caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, "
1	"* tell the owner of the endpoint to enforce ssl on their end and provide https. "
1	"oksocket is a java library project designed to solve lightweight socket communication, in order to enable developers to focus more on business logic, rather than tcp communication principles and some protocols. "
1	"buy it from amazon, it is not expensive ($72). "
1	"you will only have to pay amazon for using their storage. "
1	"methods and the market-dominant browser to execute JS ensures we can save even the most  "
1	"* **alibaba cloud sms**\xef\xbc\x9a a messaging service that covers the globe, alibaba sms provides convenient, efficient, and intelligent communication capabilities that help businesses quickly contact their customers. "
1	"golem is a decentralized marketplace for computing power. "
1	"> prophet is a python microframework for financial markets. "
1	"feel free to ask the author for a business proposal to customize yacy "
1	"You can use your Google account to sign to your Chrome customized settings from other devices while retaining your the security of your passwords. "
1	"in no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software. "
1	"\t        vendor: sony corporation "
1	"needless to say that all these money are charged by amazon itself, there is obviously no payment for using s3cmd :-) "
1	"- **oddjob** is an implant builder and c&c server that can deliver exploits for windows 2000 and later, also not detected by any av vendors  "
1	"* __link a list__ with customer information to another with order history, even without unique customer ids "
1	"supports the further development of conversations \xe2\x80\x94 is to buy the app in the "
1	"the data in these secondary stores is often derived from the primary data through custom transformations, sometimes involving complex processing driven by business logic. "
1	"> That the activation verification mechanism is designed specifically to rely on unique device identifiers that are associated with payment information at purchase and actively associated on a continuing basis by Apple for every Apple-hosted service that the device interacts with (Apple ID-based services, softwareupdate, iMessage, FaceTime, etc.) "
1	"whether or not you need to enable it depends on how aggressive the non-standard \'power saving\' features are that your phone vendor has built into the operating system. "
1	"- any kind of act, activity or business that is expected to infringe upon intellectual property rights belonging to other people; "
1	"where `darts` can be replaced by any customized architectures in `genotypes.py`. "
1	"output for stock market multi-dimensional multi-sequential predictions: "
1	"there are also 2 versions of pageturner available through the google play market which have access keys built in: "
1	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r' "
1	"justifications based on the market [   market   worth] "
1	"arguments involving market justifications evaluate worth based on the price or economic value of goods and services in a competitive market. "
1	"relevant pieces of evidence brought in support of these arguments only qualify for market justifications as long as they can be treated as exchangeable goods or services. "
1	"these justifications consider the worth of things only in terms of price, and support a very short-term construction of time in which the market competition test is the basis for evaluation. "
1	"market arguments for the projects in dispute in our cases might include, for example, claims that the project will boost revenue for a region’s commercial areas, or that it is the cheapest method of providing a service for which there is demand. "
1	"in the french case, the road and tunnel were conceived and defended by the european community (ec) in brussels as an integral part of the pan-european transportation network intended to foster the free circulation of goods and people, which is the main reference point in the construction of the ec. "
1	"the road is defended as a way to reduce the cost of transit traffic. "
1	"the funding for the project was proposed in brussels as a way to promote competition and free markets in europe through better transport of goods. "
1	"tid maintained from 1990 through the end of 1994 that the dam was the cheapest way to meet rising electricity demand, while its opponents claimed other sources were clearly cheaper (and less environmentally damaging); both sides judged the project on market criteria. "
1	"in announcing the decision to shelve the project in january 1995, tid offered as its primary reasons the declining cost of natural gas and the impending deregulation of the electricity market which would make other sources more accessible. a different example of market justifications found in both cases involves the tourism and recreation industry, which is important to the regions in which both projects were proposed. "
1	"representatives of the tourism industry in the clavey area, led by an active group of river rafting companies and employees, repeatedly argue the dam would lead to a decrease in tourist dollars for the local economy. "
1	" "
1	"the market world "
1	"adam smith\'s wealth of nations (primarily the first chapters describing how a market works) yields arguments basing a harmonious polity on the market. "
1	"the market link coordinates individuals through the mediation of scarce goods, the acquisition of which is pursued by everyone. "
1	"this competition among the individuals\' lusts subordinates to the desires of others the price attached to the possession of a commodity. "
1	"\'the calm desire for wealth\', as albert hirschman writes in the passions and the interest (hirschman, 1981), quoting francis hutcheson, allows the construction of a harmonious order which transcends the confusion of individual interests. "
1	"the market world must not be mixed up with the sphere of economic relations. "
1	"for our purpose, this book is of particular interest because it bases business success on an experience which is conspicuously unconnected to industrial production: the author made a fortune selling the names of famous people to advertising agencies. "
1	"in a market world, important persons are buyers and sellers. "
1	"they are worthy when they are rich. "
1	"their main qualities are those opportunistic in sorting and seizing the opportunities of the market, to be unhampered by any personal link and to be emotionally under control. "
1	"they connect with one another through competitive relationships. "
1	"competition (higher common principle) rivalry, competitors. "
1	"desirable (state of worthiness) value (of), millionaire, winner. "
1	"interest (dignity} love (of things), desire, selfishness competitors (subjects) businessman, salesman, client, buyer, independent (worker). "
1	"wealth (objects) luxury (item). "
1	"opportunism (investment) liberty, opening, attention to others, sympathy, detachment, distance (emotional), perspective (getting some). "
1	"possess (relation of worth) interest (to) (relations} buy, get (for oneself), sell, business (do business with), negotiate, benefit (from), market, pay, compete. the market world must not be confused with a sphere of economic relations. "
1	"we have tried to show, on the contrary, that economic actions are based on at least two main forms of coordination, one by the marketplace, the other by an industrial order, and that each has its own way of setting up a reality test. "
1	"such problems surface in particular when time is introduced as a factor in market relations, which are atemporal by nature. "
1	"as for the market world, it is not animated exclusively by business relations between buyers and sellers. "
1	"this world is also peopled with omnipresent objects; the economist can overlook their role in the coordination of actions only when he treats them as endowed with a nature independent of the interventions of others. "
1	"in this he displays the attitude of a person acting normally in the market world; in order to reach agreement on a transaction, such a person has to rely on the objectivity of the item and on its independence with respect to the various persons implicated in the transaction. "
1	"by bringing to light the quality of objects of a market nature and their role in coordination, we are preparing to deal with the complex situations in which ambiguous objects disturb this coordination: something scribbled by picasso on the corner of a table, a dented tank that does not meet industrial contemporary standards, a used car, and so on. "
1	"in this paragraph, we are pursuing the demonstration we undertook in our analysis of the market polity, by indicating how the market world can be related to the same model of worth, and what specifications are established in it for relevant beings and relationships. "
1	"in the market world, actions are motivated by the desires of individuals, which drive them to possess the same objects, rare goods whose ownership is inalienable. "
1	"the characterization of this world by the dignity of persons, all equally motivated by desires, and by the adequacy of the objects that equip it already encompasses the principle of coordination, competition, which can be made explicit in the justifications to which tests give rise. "
1	"viewed from the outside, the constitutive convention of competition plays the same role as the conventions that serve as higher common principles in the other worlds. "
1	"the construction of the market is neither more nor less a metaphysics than the construction of the orders that refer to trust and tradition or to the general will. "
1	"the competition between beings placed in a state of rivalry governs their conflicts through an evaluation of market worth, the price, which expresses the importance of converging desires. "
1	"worthy objects are salable goods that have a strong position in a market. "
1	"worthy persons are rich, millionaires, and they live the high life. "
1	"their wealth allows them to have what others want, valuable objects, luxury items, upscale products. "
1	"their wealth is proportionally to their own value, which they know how to sell, and which is expressed by their success, designated in particular by the vocabulary of competition: getting ahead, challenging oneself, taking the edge, being a winner, a top dog. "
1	"the deployment of market worth is inscribed in a space that has neither limits nor distance, in which the circulation of goods and persons is free. "
1	"businessmen and women think big, oversee world markets, and do international deals throughout the world. "
1	"market worth does not participate in a construction of time. "
1	"the state of worthiness includes no memory of the past, no plan for the future. "
1	"in business, one gets ahead by leaping to the top, just as one unexpectedly goes bankrupt. "
1	"instability does not imply a defect, as it does in the industrial world. "
1	"luck may go the wrong way, but one can take advantage of insecurity. "
1	"fate can usually be made to tum out in one\'s favor, transformed into good luck, if people exploit the situation opportunistically and take advantage of opportunities that arise. "
1	"the state of unworthiness is one in which persons fail, stagnate, and lose out, and in which goods are rejected, spurned, hated, instead of desired. "
1	"lacking any means of buying or selling, poor persons come close to escaping the convention of the common good and to being deprived of the dignity of human beings in this world. "
1	"the human nature that flourishes in the market world is characterized by a desire as innocent as any dignity. "
1	""go for profit. samuel johnson once said: \'there are few ways in which a man can be more innocently employed than in getting money\'" "
1	"this capacity is inherent in everyone: "most people, i believe, are born salesmen" "
1	"it precedes consciousness itself: "[the art of selling is the conscious practice of a lot of things we already know unconsciously- and have probably spent the better part of our lives doing" (89). "
1	"one succeeds through the strength of this desire, because one loves. "
1	"real life is what people want to acquire. "
1	"in the manual we are using, the author recounts a scene in which the participants are playing with the limits of humanity and having fun by attributing to nonhuman beings this dignity of desire, this capacity to love or to hate. "
1	"at an annual sales convention, the president of a dog food company summed up the situation this way: "\'over the past few days,\' he began, \'we\'ve heard from all our division heads and of their wonderful plans for the coming year. if we have the best advertising, the best marketing, the best sales force, how come we sell less goddamn dog food than anyone else in the business?\' absolute silence filled the convention hall. finally, after what seemed like forever, a small voice answered from the back of the room: \'because the dogs hate it\'" (117). "
1	"since dignity designates a capacity to participate in a common good, the fact that it takes the form of a selfish desire in the market world is almost paradoxical. "
1	"by recognizing dignity in persons occupied with satisfying their self-centered desires, utilitarian philosophy has contributed to establishing the modem image of the individual detached from the chains of belonging and liberated from the weight of hierarchies. "
1	"however, the success of the figure of the individual has been largely dependent on proof that individuals can find a place in an order in which their actions are coordinated with those of others. "
1	"political philosophies have demonstrated the benefits of competition only by establishing this possibility of coordination, which makes it possible, today, to refer to a market polity. "
1	"only if one loses sight of the convention that creates bonds between people as individuals- a convention that operates via their desire for the same objects-and if one forgets the way in which this convention of competition governs its own free play, do the terms "individual" or "freedom" become susceptible to the semantic slippages that lead to the presentation of the market world as the sole guarantor of people\'s autonomy and freedom. "
1	"the market world is thus populated with individuals seeking to satisfy desires; they are in turn clients_ and competitors, buyers, and sellers, entering into relations with one another as businessmen. "
1	"the fact that the deployment of objects is required for market coordination becomes obvious, in contrast, when the identity of market objects is lacking. "
1	"an object of a market nature is a thing toward which competing desires for possession converge: it is a desirable, salable, marketable thing. "
1	"the identification that is common to market objects inscribes them as inalienable property, objects that are common to diverse desires. "
1	"let us note that of all the social sciences, economics is the one that grants the most space to objects, although the status of these objects is not made clear in economic theory. "
1	"market goods are so natural that their role is rarely addressed, apart from considerations about public or collective goods. "
1	"recent theoretical developments regarding the quality of goods do touch on the crucial hypothesis of a common identification of objects, but the problems raised are reduced to a matter of asymmetrical information. "
1	"the value of the item is determined in a market test, and problems dealt with as instances of cheating on real quality are raised by the implicit reference to a different form of value, often industrial in nature (eymard duvernay 1989b, p. 12 7). "
1	"similarly, the implications of a theoretical slippage from a market of goods to a market of contracts are not clearly distinguished, since the role of the hypothesis of the objectivity of a medium for the expression of competing desires is not taken into account. "
1	"the common identification of objects of a market nature is closely linked to the requirements of aggrandizement in a market world, to the investment formula that ensures access to the common good by means of a sacrifice. "
1	"the selfishness of subjects in the market world has to go hand in hand, if any order is to result from their competition, with clear-sightedness as to the limits of selves; this is the other side of the picture, where the common identification of external goods is concerned. "
1	"this requirement, often forgotten in methodological or political approaches to individualism, is the one that defines the individual as a social being, socialized by desires that converge toward external goods. "
1	"in the market world, people are thus detached from one another (and in particular from any domestic bond), liberated in such a way that they lend themselves willingly to every opportunity to engage in a transaction. "
1	"in short, subjects are as available as goods on the market. "
1	"here, too, the adoption of this approach to the market world makes it possible to dispel ambiguities about freedom and liberalism. "
1	"it might be preferable to recognize that the freedom of free-market liberalism has meaning only insofar as it is an expression of choice for external goods, and that this externality is acquired only if one starts out with a detachment that presupposes seeing others the way one sees oneself. "
1	"the opportunism that characterizes the worthy those who know how to make the most of everything, in the market world- thus goes hand in hand, unparadoxically, with a certain attention to others that presupposes "the ability to listen, really to hear what someone is saying" (mccormack 1984, 8) (inasmuch as others are detached individuals themselves, and not inasmuch as they form an opinion from which one has to protect oneself, like "the others" in the world of fame). "
1	"this attention does not serve to temper selfishness; it is consubstantial with selfishness in the market order. "
1	"just as the work by adam smith from which we extracted the canonical presentation of market worth invites us to associate a theory of the wealth of nations foregrounding the principle of competition, on the one hand, with a theory of moral sentiments based on the position of impartial spectator and sympathy, on the other, the manual we are using here makes visible the relation between the satisfactory progress of business and a state of persons characterized by detachment with regard to themselves (a distance that recalls the "equal distances with respect to great and small objects" at which smith positioned_ the spectator) and by attention to others. "
1	"even if the market world is not reduced to a collection of atoms deprived of connections with one another market relations propagated in networks can easily be contrasted with hierarchical relations embedded one within another. "
1	"and yet the market order also espouses the order of the general and the particular that implies such embedding. "
1	"market worth is not so very different from the worths that serve as examples for the notion of hierarchy, the domestic order of authority, or the industrial order of competence. "
1	"since market objects encompass the desires of others, their possession implies a hierarchical relation in the ordinary sense of the term. "
1	"the state of worthiness encompasses the state of unworthiness in a relation of possession. "
1	"the price of an object is the proof of the attachment of others to the good that one is holding. "
1	"since not all persons can satisfy their appetites equally by acceding to the same rare goods, the wealthiest incorporate the others by possessing the desire of those who are less wealthy and who remain deprived of goods. "
1	"millionaires are defined by their possession of things everyone wants. "
1	"when they are engaged, the beings of the market world are doing business. "
1	"business consists of at least two individuals plus an object whose purchase and sale they negotiate. "
1	"the object, a good or a service, helps to fashion a link between people by attracting, by interesting. "
1	"the transaction presupposes that people have enough perspective and that the object is detached enough to allow the play of competition with others. "
1	"local transactions thus exceed settlements and become a market that takes into account the entire set of the others\' desires through the prices that will be negotiated and paid. "
1	"the assemblages are coherent when the market beings are of the same worth, when the product is well positioned in relation to the buyer and the seller. "
1	"this operation takes into account the reality of the buyer\'s desire for the object. "
1	"at the end of this harmonious process of composition, the persons doing business find their worth naturally in relation to the object negotiated. "
1	"being in a business deal that holds together requires persons who meet, often face to face, to negotiate head to head, far from the influence of others; they must take one another\'s measure accurately and "never underestimate [the] competition" (205). "
1	"the harmony of the natural order stems from the way in which goods acquire their price in a market that determines the distribution of states of worth. "
1	"the test is the moment, uncertain in its outcome, when a deal is done, settled, in the bag. "
1	"the end of the test is expressed by the signing of a contract. "
1	"the test is also an opportunity to extract new objects from chaos, to discover new things that might interest a client and give rise to a transaction and opportunity to extend the market world. "
1	"the common identification of goods and the generality of the worth known as price associates the face-to-face aspect of a business deal with other transactions taking place elsewhere, with other individuals; these can thus be equated. "
1	"price, which sanctions the test by modifying the distribution of worths, takes into account the negotiation between the two subjects involved. "
1	"but this takes place on the horizon of a general price, a requirement expressed in the fact that the price has to be reasonable and must correspond to the real value. "
1	"the generality of the price is ensured by a monetary standard. "
1	"money is the measure of all things, and thus constitutes the form of evidence. "
1	"the profit, the benefit, the payback, the result of the transaction is thus expressed in cash, a commission, a fee, or an honorarium. "
1	"this place assigned to money in market world tests does not allow us to settle any debates over monetary theory, of course, but it suggests that money, in its function of reserve value attached to a projection onto the future, is an ambiguous entity that opens up a passageway to other worlds. "
1	"the inhuman limit of the market world is marked in a long tradition criticizing the vanity of the possession of riches and advocating an attitude of wise detachment toward material wealth. "
1	"in distinguishing between goods and a person\'s other qualities, seneca- unlike hume or smith-denied that the former expressed the latter in any way and that they might serve to justify any sort of worth whatsoever: "i own my riches, yours own you .. . "
1	"wealth can lead, in a confusion between persons and things, to the direct possession of another person rather than of the goods that that person may desire. "
1	"price (judgment} value (justified, reasonable, real). "
1	"money (evidence) benefit, result, payback enslavement to money (the fall) "
0	"in an industrial world the great persons are the experts."
0	"once connected it can trace your application code, 3rd party modules and modules that are part of the erlang standard libary."
0	"to run the tests first install the development dependencies via:"
0	"*a fast and reliable distributed task processing library for python 3."
0	"is in the "a top-down method for performance analysis and counter architecture""
0	"- open source means: no backdoors, control is better than trust"
0	"the physical web must be an open standard that everyone can use."
0	"is to provide the reader with a quick overview of benchmark datasets and the state-of-the-art for their"
0	"    some benchmark scripts."
0	"benchmarking and profiling might point you to the following optimizations."
0	"this functioning may lead to a reordering of the hierarchy of functions: "the qualification of the tasks evolves in the opposite direction from the hierarchy of the original functions."
0	"one of the main challenges when building a research project, or a solution based on a published algorithm, is getting a concrete and reliable baseline that reproduces the algorithm\'s results, as reported by its authors."
0	"we also hope to add more advanced automatic differentiation and compiler functionality in the future, such as automatic trade-off between memory and compute (griewank and walther 2000; gruslys et al., 2016), more aggressive optimizations, and lambda lifting."
0	"## disabling test execution"
0	"python test.py centernet-52 --testiter <iter> --split <split> --suffix multi_scale"
0	"### completion doesn\'t work with the c++ standard library headers"
0	"we develop software since 2009, and we\'re known experts in this field."
0	"it remains to be seen whether the arrangement functions correctly, whether everything is in working order, whether "it\'s going well.""
0	"this functioning may lead to a reordering of the hierarchy of functions: "the qualification of the tasks evolves in the opposite direction from the hierarchy of the original functions."
0	"to describe the objects of the industrial world we used a productivity guide, productivite et conditions de travail."
0	"for example, hydropower projects in france were were judged based on their efficiency as long-term investments. in the industrial city, for example, the common superior principle is efficiency."
0	"the industrial form of coordination thus supports an equivalence between present situations and situations to come, and constitutes a temporality."
0	"robotium makes it easy to write powerful and robust automatic black-box ui tests for android applications."
0	"bidirectionality on the encoder side generally gives better performance (with"
0	"write a test which shows that the bug was fixed or that the feature works as expected."
0	"for security professionals and researchers only."
0	"the articulation of elements or segments obtained by the decomposition of the complexity of the universe can be accomplished by mathematical operations, since the calculations are based on quantified variables: "the inventory of problems and their alternative solutions is subjected to the method of economic evaluation that makes it possible to quantify the various hypotheses for improvement.""
0	"we develop software since 2009, and we\'re known experts in this field."
0	"this scale of qualification underlies a hierarchy of states of worth, a hierarchy marked by competencies and responsibilities (management, leaders, decision makers, supervisors, technicians, operators, and so on). in work relations and systems of remuneration, the formal qualities that express industrial worth are opposed both to a market evaluation that would result immediately from a service provided and to a domestic judgment that would evaluate a person\'s authority."
0	"it is associated with the operation of investment (in the classical sense of the term) that weighs the "price of efforts," "heavy in time and in money," and the "middle term profitability" that they ensure: "the investments will open the way to new development.""
0	"this instrumental construction of action, implying a spatial and temporal detour by way of objects that serve as relays, is thus envisaged here as a specific feature of the industrial world and not as a property that would be of a higher order of generality characterizing the actions of human beings endowed with reason."
0	"    Figure: Training progress of a regularized polynomial regression model fitting <br>"
0	"production is carried out in a deployment of objects of an industrial nature that is extended from tools to procedures."
0	"  * readability of test cases is greatly improved, compared to standard instrumentation tests."
0	"- fused kernels that improve the performance and numerical stability of `apex.parallel.syncbatchnorm`."
0	"if you need more control over how click behavior works, please see issue #350."
0	"justifications based on technical efficiency and planning [   industrial   worth]"
0	"the most interesting part is a feature-rich, persistent collection library that smoothly integrates with java\'s standard collections."
0	"it is the final user\'s responsibility to obey all applicable local, state and federal laws."
0	"persons must be continually on the alert to avoid splintering and to preserve a collective character."
0	"trustworthy relationships are those which involve or mobilize people for a collective action."
0	"possessing neither a body nor sense organs, the will of a collective person, if it is to be clearly expressed, must be summed up in ready-made formulas allowing for repetition by multiple voices without alterations or deviations, such as slogans (which "are to be used often"), resolutions ("the resolution on democratic procedures adopted by the 28th congress"), objectives ("salaried employees banding together around common objectives"), positions ("publicize the union\'s positions"), programs ("the program developed by the national resistance council"), policies ("base our practice on a set of common policies"), or lines ("party lines")."
0	"the legal text (evidence) law (the), rules (legal), statutes."
0	"a relation of equivalence can be established among beings insofar as they all belong to a collective that includes and transcends them."
0	"*not host or distribute these datasets, vouch for their quality or fairness, or*"
0	"specifically, it uses unbiased variance to update the moving average, and use sqrt(max(var, eps)) instead of sqrt(var + eps)."
0	"whereas in france, the civic reference to the general interest or solidarity is not indexed on the number of supporters or some measure of public opinion (see the next chapter for further exploration of this also)."
0	"justifications based on civic equality or solidarity refer to the collective welfare as the standard of evaluation, and propose or oppose projects based on such goals as equal access and protection of civil rights."
0	"the renunciation of the particular\n(investment)\nsolidarity, transcending (divisions), renunciation (of immediate interest), struggle (for a cause)."
0	"it is a community repository for active users."
0	"* come join the aws java community chat on [gitter][gitter]"
0	"beings may escape from chaos-in this world, that means from division-and thus attain worth because they are naturally political."
0	"but it is the mechanism of representation that expresses the relation of worth in this world in a specific way."
0	"these gatherings are particularly favorable to the development of collective worth when they aim at demanding justice by taking recourse to the law to settle a dispute or, better yet, when they provide the opportunity for a reconsideration that appeals to the judgment of all against institutions and against judges accused of monopolizing the law and bending it in favor of the particular interests of certain parties."
0	"thus the local chapter is a collective person because it assembles several individuals in a form that has been recognized and constituted in a legal process that confers rights upon it: "a chapter may not be instituted ... on the basis of a single person"."
0	"kivy is mit licensed, actively developed by a great community and is supported"
0	"Whether you want learn which organizations are the big players in the web archiving space, want to find a specific open source tool for your web archiving need, or just want to see where archivists hang out online, our Community Wiki page serves as an index of the broader web archiving community."
0	"the verdict of the vote (judgmfnt) voting, election, consultation, mobilization, cause\n(support a) awareness (achieving)."
0	"the legal text (evidence) law (the), rules (legal), statutes."
0	"trustworthy relationships are those which involve or mobilize people for a collective action."
0	"a community group was created, they created camerakit, don\'t hesitate to try it !"
0	"a delegate may, for example, be authorized, "invested with specific functions" that are codified in texts (such as collective conventions), that define his status, acts relating to his competence and the incompatibilities that concern him: "the mandate of delegate is incompatible with the mandate of administrator"."
0	"working in community, we can soon have a cli client as complete as the web one!"
0	"rule governed and representative\n unitary, legal, rule governed, official, representative, authorized, confirmed, free."
0	"we intend the issues page to be a forum in which the community collectively troubleshoots problems."
0	"the worth of persons depends on the state they are in: as particular persons, they are unworthy because they are reduced to being merely themselves, "isolated individuals," slaves of their own particular interests and condemned to powerlessness; they become worthy when they accede to the general state and make themselves the expression of a general will and the embodiment of a general interest."
0	"in the civic world, the worthy beings are the masses and the collectives that assemble and organize them."
0	"in the civic world, one attains worth by sacrifying particular and immediate interests, by transcending oneself, by refusing to place "individual interests ahead of collective interests"."
0	"but this world, always inclined to lapse into the particular, requires conscious and active mobilization if it is to hold together."
0	"legal forms (objects), rights, legislation, decree, order, measure, courts, formality, procedure, transcript, infringement, capacity (electoral), code, criterion, district, slate (of candidates), program, policy, statement, poster, brochure, ballot, tract, slogan, seat, headquarters, local office, acronym, card."
0	"be sure that you understand and are complying with the csploit licenses and laws in your area."
0	"the community has provided several helpful modules to make developing apps with conductor even easier."
0	"possessing neither a body nor sense organs, the will of a collective person, if it is to be clearly expressed, must be summed up in ready-made formulas allowing for repetition by multiple voices without alterations or deviations, such as slogans (which "are to be used often"), resolutions ("the resolution on democratic procedures adopted by the 28th congress"), objectives ("salaried employees banding together around common objectives"), positions ("publicize the union\'s positions"), programs ("the program developed by the national resistance council"), policies ("base our practice on a set of common policies"), or lines ("party lines")."
0	"in contrast, it is more common in france for equality and solidarity justifications to be connected with justifications concerning infrastructure planning and technical efficiency."
0	"the debate over the clavey in the turlock area, the valley agricultural region where the power from the dam would be used, provides additional insight into how solidarity is conceived in terms of opinion in the united states. for example, the opposition groups compiled lists of groups opposed to tid and tried to make the list as diverse and as public as possible."
0	"the form taken by evidence is the law in which the expression of the general will is inscribed."
0	"but this world, always inclined to lapse into the particular, requires conscious and active mobilization if it is to hold together."
0	"its worth depends on its capacity to bring its members to the general state by mobilizing them around a common interest: "the chapter has to seize the moment when the workers become aware of their exploitation and of the need to fight, in order to transform them into members, into militants"."
0	"the power of representation granted to a person who benefits from a mandate is what authorizes him to encompass others, to speak in their name, to be their spokesperson."
0	"these gatherings are particularly favorable to the development of collective worth when they aim at demanding justice by taking recourse to the law to settle a dispute or, better yet, when they provide the opportunity for a reconsideration that appeals to the judgment of all against institutions and against judges accused of monopolizing the law and bending it in favor of the particular interests of certain parties."
0	"the collective will from which they derive-and the more general it is, the more worthy it is- must be provided with its own instruments in order to express itself."
0	"but the very existence of such collective beings, which have no bodies of their own, can easily be challenged: "only individuals truly exist"."
0	"to make itself heard, it requires "seats to be filled," polling places, voting booths, ballots," "measures allowing an electoral campaign to take place normally"- slates of candidates, for example."
0	"thus the things and arrangements included in the civic world are destined above all to stabilize and equip the collective persons, to objectify them in such a way as to give them body, permanence, and presence."
0	"*not host or distribute these datasets, vouch for their quality or fairness, or*"
0	"the preeminence of collectives (higher common principle) \ncollective, all, will (general)."
0	"the relevant objects are either immaterial as, for example, rules, codes, procedures, or material, as union premises or ballot boxes."
0	"representatives and delegates are more worthy because their mission is to translate and express the aspirations of the masses."
0	"Whether you want learn which organizations are the big players in the web archiving space, want to find a specific open source tool for your web archiving need, or just want to see where archivists hang out online, our Community Wiki page serves as an index of the broader web archiving community."
0	"this product is open source and free, and will continue to provide free community technical support."
0	"division (the fall)\ndivided, minority (in the), particular, isolated, cut off (from the electoral base),\nindividualism (self serving), deviation,\nsubgroup, irregular, arbitrary, annulled, removed."
0	"demonstration for a just cause (test)\nassembly, congress, council, meeting, session, movement, presence (manifest the presence of), dispute, recourse, justice\n(demand)."
0	"whereas in france, the civic reference to the general interest or solidarity is not indexed on the number of supporters or some measure of public opinion (see the next chapter for further exploration of this also)."
0	"the legal text (evidence) law (the), rules (legal), statutes."
0	"the collective will from which they derive-and the more general it is, the more worthy it is- must be provided with its own instruments in order to express itself."
0	"the aspiration to civil rights (dignity} civil rights, political aspirations, participation."
0	"github didn\'t want to maintain the app anymore, so it\'s been released to the community and maintained as a public project."
0	"a relation of equivalence can be established among beings insofar as they all belong to a collective that includes and transcends them."
0	"in jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors\r"
0	"their qualities are to be official or statutory."
0	"trustworthy relationships are those which involve or mobilize people for a collective action."
0	"the preeminence of collectives (higher common principle) \ncollective, all, will (general)."
0	"in this world, the ones who accede to higher states of worth are not human persons but rather the collective persons that they constitute by meeting together."
0	"if these "fundamental principles" are forgotten, the collective being breaks down and is diluted, becoming no more than a sum of individuals moved by their individual interests: "when interventions (in meetings) are numerous, and contradictory, the final decision can only remain with the delegate or delegates."
0	"legality defines a form of worth that is particularly appreciated in this world."
0	"## community and support"
0	"the claim that a collective person endowed with a "civil status" has its own personality, is indeed a person, is a reasonable one in the civic world."
0	"thus the local chapter is a collective person because it assembles several individuals in a form that has been recognized and constituted in a legal process that confers rights upon it: "a chapter may not be instituted ... on the basis of a single person"."
0	"if you have any questions or comments about voltdb, we encourage you to reach out to the voltdb team and community."
0	"a delegate may, for example, be authorized, "invested with specific functions" that are codified in texts (such as collective conventions), that define his status, acts relating to his competence and the incompatibilities that concern him: "the mandate of delegate is incompatible with the mandate of administrator"."
0	"be sure that you understand and are complying with the csploit licenses and laws in your area."
0	"thus the local chapter is a collective person because it assembles several individuals in a form that has been recognized and constituted in a legal process that confers rights upon it: "a chapter may not be instituted ... on the basis of a single person"."
0	"both sides at different times collected thousands of names on petitions and submitted them to either the local board of supervisors or the national ferc officials."
0	"Thanks to our great community, we\'ve finally re-added conda support."
0	"in the civic world, the worthy beings are the masses and the collectives that assemble and organize them."
0	"but rousseau's sovereign is disembodied."
0	"thus "only labor unions ... are qualified to negotiate with management"."
0	"the representative is qualified to "accomplish the mission" that is its vocation, its calling."
0	"+ This is an easter egg concerned with the community\'s feelings on this issue."
0	"perhaps someday the java community will standardize on one."
0	"Chrome has the largest share of global usage and is the preferred target platform for the majority of developers."
0	"having headquarters indeed constitutes one of the main devices a collective person can use to objectify its existence (see boltanski 1987, 144)."
0	"to resist the tendency that attracts them toward the particular, moral beings in the civic world have to be stabilized by means of equipment."
0	"the capacity for collective action is manifested by recruiting, extending, implanting, or spurring initiatives: "it may be a matter of an initiative on the part of some workers who, although in the minority, contemplate initiating an action"."
0	"this primacy is a source of authority."
0	"the person, cannot, in this world, be separated from his/her belonging to a body, a family, a lineage, an estate."
0	"but those who are really respectable know, on the other hand, how to earn respect."
0	"\nhierarchical superiority (state of worthiness)\nbenevolent, well brought up, wise,\ndistinguished,\ndiscreet, reserved,\ntrustworthy, honest,\nfaithful."
0	"in this book, important and worthy persons are chiefs, bosses, or even relatives."
0	"carrying out these duties is what makes "life in common" pleasant, what "makes life enjoyable," what allows individual relation to be harmonious."
0	"leaders are thus the honor of subordinates."
0	"\nfamily ceremonies\n(test) celebration,\nbirth, death,\nmarriage, social\nevents, conversation,\ndistinction,\nnomination."
0	"this attitude "will tend to create a climate of understanding" based on discretion and reserve: "the best way to appear well brought up"."
0	""new years greetings" create "a family tie and habits of courtesy that characterize well-brought-up children"."
0	"The warning about the key not being certified is benign, as it has not yet been manually assigned trust."
0	"when this world unfolds, the search for what is just stresses personal relationships."
0	"indeed, "personal introduction reflect an individual\'s temperament and character" in the same way that one\'s place of "residence" (in the literal sense of dwelling as the materialization in accouterments of the worth of a household and a family) "is in the image of its occupants"."
0	"\nlack of inhibition (the fall)\nimpolite,\nblunders,\nloudmouth,\ngossip,\ntroublemaker,\nindiscreet,\ndisorderly,\nvulgar, envious,\nflatterer,\ntraitor'"
0	"this arrangement, locked into the body, ensures the stability of behavior without requiring obedience to instruction, as industrial routines do."
0	"the political link between beings is seen as a generalization of kinship and is based on face-to-face relationships and on the respect for tradition."
0	"of the worth and thus the identification of personal counters."
0	"but they are also, and for the same reasons, the unique source from which dignity and worth may be drawn, since it is only in contact with them that participation in what constitutes superiority can be achieved."
0	"think of it as an easy way to get your scripts up on the web for routine data analysis, file processing, or anything else."
0	"however, if not, it is possible (easy in fact) to craft them manually, though it"
0	"this package provides routines to construct graphs on videos, segment them, build trees out of them, and convert them back to videos."
0	"the worth that, in the domestic world is a function of the position one occupies m chains of personal dependence can only be grasped in a relational sense: worthier than ... , less worthy than... for the same reasons, the exercise of worth is subject here to constraints of place and time linked to the need to present oneself in person in the presence of others, in order to manifest one\'s own importance."
0	"justifications based on tradition and locality [   domestic    worth] "
0	"the typical objects are, for instance, visiting cards, gifts, estates, houses, titles."
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"in the domestic world, the forms in which nature is inventoried are collections of narratives, curious and instructive stories, allegories, and also collections of personal objects and relics, objects worth keeping because they have been used by a worthy being."
0	"think of it as an easy way to get your scripts up on the web for routine data analysis, file processing, or anything else."
0	"leaders are thus the honor of subordinates."
0	"in a domestic world, people\'s worth depends on a hierarchy of trust based on a chain of personal dependencies."
0	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise."
0	"thus persons who possess dignity in subordination, however unworthy they may be, are only truly deficient when they find themselves detached from the units that included them, either by distancing (foreigner, outsider) or owing to their own selfishness."
0	"\nhierarchical superiority (state of worthiness)\nbenevolent, well brought up, wise,\ndistinguished,\ndiscreet, reserved,\ntrustworthy, honest,\nfaithful."
0	"however, if not, it is possible (easy in fact) to craft them manually, though it"
0	"similarly, less worthy beings are equivalent and no particular feature of childhood distinguishes small children from the other subordinate beings (unmarried persons, servants, and so on) for whom the more worthy beings are responsible."
0	"with tireless attention it targets the unworthy behaviors of the worthy (for example, the bad company they may keep)."
0	"conversely, "a failure to observe the rules of good behavior can close doors, and the slightest blunder may have consequences at the level of the situation (a term that here designates a professional state precisely in that it depends on the position occupied in chains of personal dependence and on the javor of superiors)."
0	"unit of work and continuity."
0	"in relation to the less worthy beings for whom he is responsible, the superior has the duty to share with them, according to their rank\'."
0	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise."
0	"the trust stores (mozilla, microsoft, etc.)"
0	"arrangements of a domestic nature are weakly equipped with instruments for acting from a distance; such instruments are particularly well developed, in contrast, in the civic world, which lays emphasis on the objectivity of rules detached from persons and on mechanisms of representation."
0	"many of the arguments in the somport case, in both camps, refer to the harmonious existence of living on the land: what was really significant for me was this land; i did not want to betray this land."
0	"similarly, polite formulas vary depending on whether they are addressed "to subordinates," "to more or less everyone to whom one has no particular obligation," "to acquaintances with whom one is on equal footing, to persons with whom one is in a relation of equality with a nuance of respect, to a hierarchical superior, to a client, to an older person, to an important person, to a lady, to acquaintances with whom one\'s relation is friendly, or to intimates," that is, in function of the respective position of the persons involved according to hierarchy, sex, age, or degree of intimacy."
0	"access to superiority comes by way of a good upbringing."
0	"this would be to betray his trust"."
0	"in this book, important and worthy persons are chiefs, bosses, or even relatives."
0	""arrangements indicate the identity of persons and announce them: "it is preferable to arrive early and to announce oneself"."
0	"where do the trust stores come from?"
0	"beings are also worthy because they are rooted in tradition, that is, they are proper (as opposed, for example, to legal in the civic world or to exact in industrial arrangements)."
0	"these identifying arrangements reveal persons by linking them to a household, a family, a milieu, a society (in the sense of "a respectable social group")."
0	"the father is principle of cohesion in the family, the one who establishes the link to an origin; like the boss, or, earlier, the king, the father is the one who lifts beings up by means of the dependence in which he holds them and who thus gives them access to all the worth they are capable of achieving according to the level they occupy."
0	"\nthe poise of habit (dignity} good sense,\nhabits, naturalness,\ncharacter."
0	"leaders are thus the honor of subordinates."
0	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today."
0	"these identifying arrangements reveal persons by linking them to a household, a family, a milieu, a society (in the sense of "a respectable social group")."
0	"\nthe rejection of selfishness\n(investment}\nconsideration, duty (and debt), harmony."
0	"betrayal is an extreme case of deficiency, because it disaggregates and takes apart: it finishes the job of setting apart and detaching the person who, by making his independence known on the outside, undermines the unity of the house and thus makes it vulnerable."
0	"this attitude "will tend to create a climate of understanding" based on discretion and reserve: "the best way to appear well brought up"."
0	"the worth that, in the domestic world is a function of the position one occupies m chains of personal dependence can only be grasped in a relational sense: worthier than ... , less worthy than... for the same reasons, the exercise of worth is subject here to constraints of place and time linked to the need to present oneself in person in the presence of others, in order to manifest one\'s own importance."
0	"thus persons who possess dignity in subordination, however unworthy they may be, are only truly deficient when they find themselves detached from the units that included them, either by distancing (foreigner, outsider) or owing to their own selfishness."
0	"the less worthy are proud of the more worthy who complete them, and subordinates have respect for superiors who have consideration for them."
0	"this attitude "will tend to create a climate of understanding" based on discretion and reserve: "the best way to appear well brought up"."
0	"in a domestic world, people\'s worth depends on a hierarchy of trust based on a chain of personal dependencies."
0	"less worthy beings: i, unmarried person, foreigner, woman, child, pet."
0	"justifications based on tradition and locality [   domestic    worth] "
0	"stars thus give up not only their private lives but also individual or personal attitudes, which are denigrated in this world as extravagances or whims that might displease the public at large."
0	"for example, rafting companies active in fighting the dam had their guides talk to the customers about the dispute and (when they felt they had convinced them) ask them to write letters to their representatives and to ferc."
0	"\npresentation of the event (test)\ndemonstration, press conference,\ninauguration,\nopen house (demonstration)."
0	""the public has a real allergy to secrets"."
0	"persons who are receptive, receivers of the message, in tum become senders."
0	"It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive statistical graphics."
0	"our elite teams challenge themselves to build extraordinary experiences by bridging the latest strategy and design thinking with enterprise-grade software development."
0	"in this instance, distance with respect to ownership does not derive from some ascetic contempt for material goods, which it is perfectly licit to have at one\'s disposal and to enjoy, but is simply the result of the need to streamline oneself so that one can move around easily."
0	"if everyone possesses the capacity to relate, and thus to constitute a link in a network, some people realize this potential in their person in exemplary fashion."
0	"the end of a project and the beginning if another"
0	"different grounds for non-engagement identify different types of little person."
0	"i could increase my physical activity, say start training for a mini-marathon, but that\'s not something i felt comfortable with."
0	"it corresponds to a primary tendency - the need for others - which is stronger than hunger and earlier than sexuality\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"it is important to sweep away the networks of "buddies", bureaucracy or corruption that obstruct the path of progress\' (aubrey, 1994)."
0	"it can be referred to in temporal terms, when old, dormant connections are reactivated."
0	"in fact, since the network has no overarching representation, actions in it are always embedded in the contingency of a present situation."
0	"it also takes account of the degree to which the link, once established, has proved fruitful ex-post, in the sense that its result is to refocus and extend the network by prompting the emergence of new links."
0	"the tolerance required to adjust to others can also be expressed in terms of emancipation from \'bourgeois morality\', the streamlined human being has learnt from psychoanalysis - and, more generally, from the diffusion of \'interpretation as exercise of suspicion\' - that one must know how to free oneself from moralism by casting suspicion on the hidden motives involved in moralizing ventures and acknowledging the validity of ambivalence."
0	"it is when a project is finished that the key holders are revealed and an appraisal is conducted."
0	"in this sense, all the sacrifices that are made have the effect of enhancing the streamlined character of entities - of persons, but also of things - in order to favour their reorganization when the next project comes along."
0	"alternatively, just import the project using your ide."
0	"thus, whereas the expert is above all rich in links of the first (temporal) or second (spatial) types, the project head or source of inspiration excels in establishing connections between domains or fields: he establishes collaboration between people from different disciplines or professions, belonging to various departments, institutions or firms, and brings together, for example, two experts each of whom has experience, but in different domains."
0	"when it comes to links, to invest effort is to give up what one already has for an uncertain alternative: not to shut oneself away in pre-established links, so that one is available to tryout new connections that might fail."
0	"furthermore, given that the project is a complex, uncertain process, which cannot be confined within the limits of invariably incomplete contracts, one must know how to trust those with whom connections are formed     connections that are destined to develop as the project develops."
0	"ensure the file exists at the root of your project."
0	"in a projective city, access to the condition of great man presupposes sacrificing anything that might impede availability - that is to say, the ability to engage in a new project."
0	"to that end, great men must redistribute the scarce goods they have access to - in the first place, information (\'eliminating the restrictions that limit everyone\'s access to information\'[le saget, 1994]), and integration into networks, \'whose collective function is to support and enrich each member\'s assignment\' (aubrey, 1990)."
0	"this is why engagement is conceived as voluntary."
0	"characterization of these projects according to categories that are apposite in other cities (whether familial, affective, educative, artistic, religious, charitable, etc."
0	"but it is as if we had to wait until the last third of the twentieth century for the activity of mediating, the art of making and using the most diverse and remote kinds of connection, to be autonomized - separated from the other forms of activity it had hitherto been bound up with - and identified and valued for itself."
0	"the end of a project and the beginning if another"
0	"there is also an example blog project included."
0	"in the knowledge that time is limited, it is in fact advisable to carve out the time to forge links with different persons and universes, rather than always remaining in the same circle of people: \'being a pro means revising one\'s accessibility in quasi strategic fashion, time can\'t just be invented and so it is a question of making choices and daring to take decisions, a pro\'s appointments are handled with extreme care\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"they regard everyone as contact able and any contact as possible and natural; they treat well-known and obscure people in identical fashion."
0	"they must also show themselves capable of becoming established in them, by forging links that last as long as is necessary."
0	"their authority depends exclusively on their competence."
0	"for the same reasons, they are not critical (except when it comes to defending tolerance and difference)."
0	"accordingly, tension between the requisite commitment and the indicated outcome appears surmountable."
0	"\'tomorrow\'s manager must ensure that information is shared, that it irrigates the firm thoroughly\' (le saget, 1994)."
0	"  it is the coordinator of the transaction and uses netty communication framework to communicate with participants and initiators."
0	"streamlined people sacrifice a certain interiority and fidelity to the self, the better to adjust to the people with whom they come into contact and to the ever-changing situations in which they are obliged to act (this also assumes renunciation of the hubris of calculate on in favour of a limited rationality)."
0	"are standalone projects that showcase the usage of grpc."
0	"the same may be said of the mechanisms, primarily entrepreneurial mechanisms here (subcontracting, flexible organization, out-sourcing, autonomous units, franchises), which characterize the postmodern, \'re-engineered\', network, firm."
0	"far from being attached to an occupation or clinging to a qualification, the great man proves adaptable and flexible, able to switch from one situation to a very different one, and adjust to it; and versatile, capable of changing activity or tools, depending on the nature of the relationship entered into with others or with objects, it is precisely this adaptability and versatility that make him employable - that is to say, in the world of firms, in a position to attach himself to new projects."
0	"he is \'his own leader, leader in his relations with those above and those below, leader in his networks\' (serieyx, 1993)."
0	"adaptability <formula of investment> being streamlined, flexibility, tolerance, renting\' "
0	"the extension of the network is life itself, whereas any halt to its extension is comparable to death: \'the network spontaneously tends to develop, but it is constantly threatened by the risks of internal ossification or degeneration that can result in death, which might consist in its transformation into a pyramidal organization\' (landier, 1991)."
0	"life is conceived as a succession of projects; and the more they differ from one another, the more valuable they are."
0	"the desire to connect is a basic property of human nature."
0	"this is why such a world has no sanctions other than rejection or exclusion, which, in depriving someone of their links (,disaffiliation\', in robert castel\'s terminology), expels them to the margins of the network, where connections are at once both sparse and worthless."
0	"it can be alluded to in partial terms, whenever there is co-ordination in real time with others who are spatially distant (\'[t]he starting point will be to ignore geographical distances\' [fapscott and caston, 1994]) - particularly by taking full advantage of modern means of communication (the internet) - as we see in the example of the \'global laboratory\', which is not geographically located and allows researchers in the same discipline, but scattered throughout the \'world, to collaborate in solving the same problem."
0	"like to contribute to the project, you are very welcome."
0	"the extension of the network is life itself, whereas any halt to its extension is comparable to death: \'the network spontaneously tends to develop, but it is constantly threatened by the risks of internal ossification or degeneration that can result in death, which might consist in its transformation into a pyramidal organization\' (landier, 1991)."
0	"engaging, mobile <condition of great man>\nenthusiastic, involved, flexible, adaptable, versatile, having potential, employable, autonomous, not prescriptive, knows how to engage others, in touch, tolerant, employability (providing)\nknowing how to engage in a project, to get fully involved in, it, is the mark of the <condition of great man>."
0	"always on the lookout, great men refuse to be impeded by rigid plans, for to follow such plans could result in squandering the opportunity for interesting connections."
0	"datashader is part of the pyviz initiative for making python-based visualization tools work well together."
0	"#### updating your project to use the new scripts"
0	"if the moment of the transition from one project to another constitutes the test par excellence, in the logic of a projective city the world is the more testing and hence also the more just - the shorter, the more numerous, and the more changeable projects are."
0	"likewise inferior are those who do not know how to communicate, because they are impervious or have fixed ideas, are authoritarian and intolerant, making them incapable if compromise. they resemble all \'the office "miseries", the sullen types, the individualists who withdraw into themselves, never go out, don\'t participate in the end-of-year drinks, shun cocktails, return to the hotel pronto, and plant themselves in front of the tele, that absolute "network-killer\'" (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"but the project does not exist outside of the encounter (not being integrated once and for all into an institution or environment, it presents itself as an action to be performed, not as something that is already there)."
0	"all the instruments of connection\n<repertoire of objects and mechanisms> new technologies, informal relations, relations of trust, partnership, agreements,\nalliances, subcontracting, networks of firms, network firms, link, loop, synapses, neurons, projects \nin a world where the principal operation is establishing connections, it is thus normal to find a marked presence of new communication technologies based on computer science (internet, interfaces, etc.)."
0	"terminating a project without worrying about what becomes of those who have participated in it is unworthy of a great man."
0	"to that end, great men must redistribute the scarce goods they have access to - in the first place, information (\'eliminating the restrictions that limit everyone\'s access to information\'[le saget, 1994]), and integration into networks, \'whose collective function is to support and enrich each member\'s assignment\' (aubrey, 1990)."
0	"the project head is precisely the one who proves capable of making connections between very different zones of expertise."
0	"principle of judgement and hierarchy of beings in the projective city according to the grammar employed by us, the <common superior principle> is the principle in accordance with which acts, things and persons are judged in a given city."
0	"\'the informal network is the preferred organizational mode of writers, scientific researchers and musicians, who develop in domains where knowledge is highly specialized, creative and personalized\' (aubrey, 1990)."
0	"\nconnection <natural relations between beings> connecting, communicating, co-ordinating, adjusting to others, trusting\nin a connexionist world, a natural preoccupation of human beings is the desire to connect with others, to make contact, to make connections, so as not to remain isolated."
0	"they are not (hierarchical) bosses, but integrators, facilitators, an inspiration, unifiers of energies, enhancers of life, meaning and autonomy."
0	"then use it in your project code:"
0	"they tend to ignore the differences between separate spheres."
0	"thus, it can be said of \'social and family networks\' that \'this capital represents relations which, in addition to satisfaction on a human level, offer a potential contribution to the enterprise envisaged\' (aubrey, 1994). but while connections with members of the extended family, assimilated to a network, can prove profitable, the restricted family, like the group of \'old mates\' or the clique of \'office neighbours\', preserves the tie to old, superseded connections, and by that token represents a burden, a handicap."
0	"to adapt to the situations that crop up, while preserving something unfamiliar that makes him interesting, connexionist man relies on his communication skills, his convivial temperament, his open and inquiring mind."
0	"### loading the project into eclipse with gradle"
0	"when it comes to links, to invest effort is to give up what one already has for an uncertain alternative: not to shut oneself away in pre-established links, so that one is available to tryout new connections that might fail."
0	"he is mobile, nothing must hamper his movements."
0	"likewise inferior are those who do not know how to communicate, because they are impervious or have fixed ideas, are authoritarian and intolerant, making them incapable if compromise. they resemble all \'the office "miseries", the sullen types, the individualists who withdraw into themselves, never go out, don\'t participate in the end-of-year drinks, shun cocktails, return to the hotel pronto, and plant themselves in front of the tele, that absolute "network-killer\'" (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"depending on the case, such trust can be, founded on situations that were experienced in common in the past, on belonging to the same institution, on the existence of a common objective or project, on relations of friendship or mutual respect, even on mere complicity derived from being connected to the same communications network."
0	"\' our \'deep desire for autonomy and self-reliance [is] combined with an equally deep conviction that life has no meaning unless shared with others in the context of community\' (waterman, 1988)."
0	"but he knows also how to give of himself, to be there as and when appropriate, to exploit his presence in personal relations, in face-to-face encounters: he is always available, even-tempered, self-assured without being arrogant, familiar without overstepping the limits, obliging, with more to offer than he expects in return."
0	"activity expresses itself in the multiplicity of projects of all kinds that may be pursued concurrently and which, no what matter what happens, must be elaborated successively, since the project represents a transient mechanism in this logic."
0	"with this nuwa project\xef\xbc\x8cyou can also have the repairing power, fix your android applicaiton without have to publish a new apk to the appstore."
0	"our elite teams challenge themselves to build extraordinary experiences by bridging the latest strategy and design thinking with enterprise-grade software development."
0	"face to face, they are real people, in the sense that, far from mechanically performing their social roles -\' in the way a programme is executed - they know how to step back and deviate from their role, which makes them captivating."
0	"the city falls when the network is no longer extended and, closing in on itself, benefits some people, but no longer serves the public good."
0	"it can derive from attachment to a single project that it is impossible to let go of when a new project comes along; or from attachment to a place which, by rendering them immobile and rooting them in what is local, confines little people to the existing circle of links, and prevents them making new connections."
0	"far from being attached to an occupation or clinging to a qualification, the great man proves adaptable and flexible, able to switch from one situation to a very different one, and adjust to it; and versatile, capable of changing activity or tools, depending on the nature of the relationship entered into with others or with objects, it is precisely this adaptability and versatility that make him employable - that is to say, in the world of firms, in a position to attach himself to new projects."
0	"characterization of these projects according to categories that are apposite in other cities (whether familial, affective, educative, artistic, religious, charitable, etc."
0	"this is the case when the networker keeps information to himself, weaves connections in secret, unbeknownst to his team, in order not to share the links he has established and retain the benefits for himself, avoiding a situation where others can pursue them without going through him (\'the most important adaptive function of a network consists in absorbing and redistributing information\' [landier, 1991])."
0	"given that what matters most is intangible, impalpable, informal- a term that characterizes both relations and the rules of the game, which are invented as one goes along - the most appropriate "
0	"closure of the network <decline of the city> corruption, privileges, buddy-buddy relationships, mafia"
0	"they are determined exclusively by factors deriving from the situation and connections they are caught up in, which completely define them."
0	"like to contribute to the project, you are very welcome."
0	"they may erode our freedom to act autonomously, but in return they provide some meaning in our lives and on the job."
0	"he is a \'nomad\'."
0	"for the same reasons, connexionist man likewise tends not to let himself be trapped by institutions, with all the various obligations that entails, and not to allow himself to become entangled in a web of responsibilities towards the other people or organizations he has responsibility for."
0	"different grounds for non-engagement identify different types of little person."
0	"to succeed, they must trust and be trusted, know how to communicate discuss openly, and also be capable of adjusting to other people and situations\' depending on what the latter demand of them, without being held back; timidity, rigidity or mistrust."
0	"from this standpoint, mediation is a value in itself, or rather, in the conceptual framework employed here, a specific status of which each actor is liable to take advantage when \'putting people in contact\', \'making connections\', thereby helping to \'construct networks\'."
0	"in france, the notion of a "sublime" and "wild" nature is commonly found in the somport dispute, as in the clavey dispute. "if you touch the aspe valley, if you want to make it more accessible, if you give it over to concrete and trucks, it would be a crime against beauty, an acid facelift of the noble visage of a distinguished old lady"."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"one of her primary self-descriptions is as a "gatherer". one who collects plants, particularly mushrooms, from the ancestral lands which surround the clavey and she often describes her gathering as a ritual, "sacred" cultural practice (something her elders taught her)."
0	"the subsections which follow compare the expression and frequency of a number of green or environmental arguments found in the comparative survey, and explore the different modes of the relation of humans and the environment revealed by these arguments. unique and endangered perhaps the greatest similarity between the two cases is the extent and nature of arguments about the uniqueness or singularity of the natural places in dispute, and about the threat to "endangered species" (plant and animal) posed by the projects."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"these claims became crucial points of contention and debate, and were given explicit consideration in the decision-making by the government agencies involved."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"in addition to the bears, other animals were put forward as endangered by the project, including a unique sort of amphibious mole. untouched wilderness in the clavey case, there are numerous arguments about keeping the clavey "free-flowing," "untouched," "pristine," and "the way it was long before humans arrived"."
0	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes."
0	"the problem of cohabitation of humans and animals is also used in an ironic way by the prominent project supporter, jacques lassalle, who at one point states his goal as having "both genuinely wild bears and genuine humans"."
0	"an exhibition on the bears in the valley town of accous tells the "fabulous story of a mythical animal"."
0	"when used by environmentalists, however, these arguments generally mean "untouched by development" rather than untouched by man at all."
0	"and our analysis adds an important comparative dimension missing from most previous work on environmental rhetoric by asking what differences might exist in the content or use of "green" arguments or images in these two countries, which have different environmental histories and movements. justifications based on "green-ness" and environmentalism ["green" worth] many examples in previous sections refer to nature or the environment within an evaluation based on non-environmental justifications and principles, e.g."
0	"the green order of worth is revealed in distinctly "green" qualifications, such as the "health" of trout in the clavey river valued as something that is good for humanity, which are not considered relevant in any other order."
0	"one of her primary self-descriptions is as a "gatherer". one who collects plants, particularly mushrooms, from the ancestral lands which surround the clavey and she often describes her gathering as a ritual, "sacred" cultural practice (something her elders taught her)."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"the courting of the me-wuk tribe’s endorsement was clearly important both because of its political appeal (politicians are known to be sensitive to "native" issues), and because their attachment to the land makes them the most legitimate "spokespersons for the land"."
0	"Petetin’s reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"in the clavey case, the involvement of the me-wuk indian tribe in the controversy meant there was a more direct consideration of indian attachments to their land in this case."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"a voluntary association in the aspe valley, fiep, is in fact entirely dedicated to promoting harmonious "cohabitation," particularly by working to "let shepherds and bears live together in the pyrenees"."
0	"in exploring the category of "green" justifications, we contribute fresh insight into the literature on environmental discourse or rhetoric, particularly the understanding of the different conceptions of wilderness and nature in the united states and france, and of the relations of humans (and human communities) and nature."
0	"so wilderness is valued (by dam opponents) because of its non-human qualities, but the pristine quality of wilderness is used as a justification (against building the dam) because pristine wilderness has a benefit for humanity."
0	"the environmentalists who opposed the dam on the clavey were constantly referring to a long list they compiled of all the "officially threatened or endangered" plant and animal species, such as the rare "wild trout," found within the clavey canyon and presumably further endangered by the project.48 the other side for their part constantly tried to refute this justification, either by denying the danger to these species or proposing to mitigate for any potential harm (but never explicitly by denying the importance of protecting endangered species)."
0	"while they are accused by mills and others of taking a "preservationist" or deep ecological stance that wilderness should be locked up and unused by any humans, many dam opponents making these "pristine" arguments are in fact fisherman, hunters, and rafters who enjoy "using" the "untouched" clavey."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"they promoted numerous mitigation measures such as wildlife road passages to allow for cohabitation."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"in addition to the bears, other animals were put forward as endangered by the project, including a unique sort of amphibious mole. untouched wilderness in the clavey case, there are numerous arguments about keeping the clavey "free-flowing," "untouched," "pristine," and "the way it was long before humans arrived"."
0	"these claims became crucial points of contention and debate, and were given explicit consideration in the decision-making by the government agencies involved."
0	"the attachment to the pyrenean bear is understandable because it holds a special place of honor in this region     it plays a central role in local customs such as carnivals, and it was a feared threat to humans, particularly farmers and shepherds, but also the prized prey of local bear hunting heroes."
0	"ideas maker, curious and nature lover."
0	"the green characterization of "natural" heritage is particularly oriented toward future generations."
0	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life."
0	"evaluations of the uniqueness of the valley are not so much concerned with it being the last wild place of a certain type, but rather concern the singularity of the entire "landscape" of the valley, including the animal and human inhabitants and the special integration between the people and land found there."
0	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g."
0	"Petetin’s reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"actions or entities are worthy, with regard to this "green" justification, when they support or reflect the principles of environmentalism or "green-ness", e.g."
0	"fiep arranged for helicopter transportation of supplies to shepherds in their mountain outposts as a way to avoid building new roads that would threaten bear habitats, while still retaining the shepherds way of life."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"the green characterization of "natural" heritage is particularly oriented toward future generations."
0	"green arguments based on a deep ecology perspective value a healthy environment or the preservation of species not because of their benefits for humanity, but for their own sake, for the benefit of the integrated ecosystem (which includes humans) itself."
0	"strictly green arguments, beyond the level of integrating the environment into other sorts of non-green justifications, posit a unique type of dependency which assumes more than simply a spatial interaction of humanity with the natural world, but also a temporal extension of humanity by way of an implicit or explicit reference to future generations."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"for example, one reason offered against the road-tunnel project was, "the survival of the large pyrenean scavenger birds depends on the perennial continuation of traditional practices such as mountain transhumance"."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"these claims became crucial points of contention and debate, and were given explicit consideration in the decision-making by the government agencies involved."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"in france, the notion of a "sublime" and "wild" nature is commonly found in the somport dispute, as in the clavey dispute. "if you touch the aspe valley, if you want to make it more accessible, if you give it over to concrete and trucks, it would be a crime against beauty, an acid facelift of the noble visage of a distinguished old lady"."
0	"but in the deep ecology philosophy and movement, the community of "everyone" that is the basis for evaluations is extended beyond the human community to include the good of non-human natural entities (e.g. trees, animals); they refer to this as a shift from "anthropocentrism" to "ecocentrism"."
0	"other times, these sorts of heritage arguments are also careful combinations of justifications based on tradition or locality ("domestic") and green justifications."
0	"he contrasts wild bears with non-wild bears put in zoos, and compares this to the contrast between genuine humans and non-genuine humans who are forced by environmental restrictions to live in a "reservation of humans like a reservation of indians"     in this way he uses cohabitation ironically as a defense of the project and at the same time denounces his opponent, who often identifies himself with the native indian ideal of living in harmony with the land. native "indian" attachments to sites makes an ideal of the intimate connections of native indians to their culturally significant sites."
0	"these industries explicitly market a struggle of man against the wild and an escape from domestic life, and in the clavey dispute they are a primary source of the environmental arguments against the dam."
0	"these claims became crucial points of contention and debate, and were given explicit consideration in the decision-making by the government agencies involved."
0	"however, the relation of man and the wild is not described in terms of a struggle so much as in the united states, and there is less attention to the "experience" of wilderness."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"the forest service rated the river partly on its value as an undisturbed habitat."
0	"in addition to the bears, other animals were put forward as endangered by the project, including a unique sort of amphibious mole. untouched wilderness in the clavey case, there are numerous arguments about keeping the clavey "free-flowing," "untouched," "pristine," and "the way it was long before humans arrived"."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"this sort of presence is an intimate attachment to the natural place that phyllis compares to the connections of animals to specific locales or habitats: she compares the me-wuk historical migrations through the clavey canyon with the migratory routes of a particular deer herd."
0	"at a further level, some environmental evaluations depart from the political and moral requirements which are shared by all orders of worth where common humanity is the group of reference for the evaluation and propose an extension of the "community" of reference to include non-human entities (a move to "ecocentrism" rather than "anthropocentrism")."
0	"so these green arguments in the united states about pristine wilderness imply a view of the relation of humans and nature whereby humans can get great benefit from "participating in," "experiencing," or "struggling against" wilderness (or preserving untouched wilderness for others in the present or future to experience)."
0	"the bears became a famous symbol of the project opposition they were described as the "last of their kind" and "endangered," and were considered deserving of protection because they had lived in the area for a long time (a somewhat different characterization to the legal sense of "endangered species" in the united states)."
0	"and our analysis adds an important comparative dimension missing from most previous work on environmental rhetoric by asking what differences might exist in the content or use of "green" arguments or images in these two countries, which have different environmental histories and movements. justifications based on "green-ness" and environmentalism ["green" worth] many examples in previous sections refer to nature or the environment within an evaluation based on non-environmental justifications and principles, e.g."
0	"justifications based on environmentalism consider the general good of humanity to be advanced through a sensitivity to environmental issues and consequences, protection of wilderness, stewardship of environmental resources, and cultivation of various attachments to nature, the land, or the wild."
0	"the construction of this world is based on st augustine\'s city of god and on the treatise augustine devoted to the problem of grace."
0	"access to inspired worth thus calls for sacrificing forms of stabilization and the contrivances that ensure the identity of persons in other worlds."
0	"it is manifested by feelings and passions, and it is experienced as devouring, terrifying, enriching, exciting, exalting, fascinating, disturbing, and so on."
0	"reference to this world is made, nonetheless, each time people attain worth without bothering about opinions of others."
0	"evidence takes the form of an affective state, a feeling that is spontaneous, involuntary, and fleeting; its validity demands neither approval from others (as it would in the world of fame) nor the construction of a routine that stabilizes relationships among objects (as it would in the industrial world)."
0	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths.""
0	"once the field is inserted, you should now see "!unexpected end of formula""
0	"worthy persons in the inspired world understand other beings, encompass them and bring them to fulfillment, not by representing what they all have in common (as spokespersons do in the civic world, for example), but rather by asserting their own uniqueness."
0	"love, passion, create."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"it arises, particularly, in the personal body when prepared by asceticism, and especially through emotions."
0	"the anxiety of creation (dignity)."
0	"the main opposition figure is often portrayed in quasi-religious terms, e.g. as an english preacher sermonizing alone in the desert who presumably preaches his opposition message from a spiritual inspiration. he gives impassioned speeches with artistic flair and gestures; he lives in an abandoned railroad car in the valley and, in a similarly avant-garde way, has transformed the derelict railway station into a cafe to welcome hip, non-touristy travelers."
0	"this library was made by possible based on code and design inspiration from these sources:"
0	"what is worthy is what cannot be controlled or -even more importantly- what cannot be measured, especially in its industrial forms."
0	"reference to this world is made, nonetheless, each time people attain worth without bothering about opinions of others."
0	"finally, activists refer to the natural harmony of man and nature, an equilibrium that is beautiful and inspiring, that is found in the remote canyon."
0	"the way to escape from reality is to "let imagination run wild," "turn individuals into explorers of the imaginary so they can succeed in "descending into the unconscious," for "all creation draws upon the unconscious.""
0	"in the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation."
0	"it is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good."
0	"from here what you do is only limited by your imagination, but here are a few ideas to get started:"
0	"to surpass oneself, one must plunge down into the place where worth can be manifested- that is, into oneself-"take a sort of mental voyage," "a trip without drugs, as it were"-in order to awaken one\'s "dormant faculties" by means of dreams and fantasies; one must "know how to use sleep," give oneself over to daydreaming, "not always think about being useful, efficient, logical, rational.""
0	"worth is often qualified negatively in such a way as to emphasize what is lacking, what would be needed in order to grasp, evaluate, and stabilize a situation."
0	"(in fact, textgenrnn learns *so well* that you have to increase the temperature significantly for creative output!"
0	"illumination, intuition, spring up, appear, chance, bubbling up, revolution, vertigo, surpass (oneself), masterpiece, planet, aura."
0	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves."
0	"one must adopt a "different language," that of "images, phantasms, symbols, myths, legends," shot through with associations, open to the fantastic, to dreams, and "nourished by the prodigious accumulation of images, memories, and myths that has built up without our conscious awareness.""
0	"although these sorts of arguments often lead to the critique that they are unable to be discussed or challenged as general (more than personal) claims, and that they are irrational or unreasonable, we find that emotionally inspired (or inspiring) gestures and claims can be publicly displayed, commonly evaluated, and criticized within a specific order of worth. they can be the proof of some valuable attachment beyond mere personal feelings, of people making the step from personal passion to a kind of generalized argument where inspiration is valued as a common good."
0	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time ."
0	"access to inspired worth thus calls for sacrificing forms of stabilization and the contrivances that ensure the identity of persons in other worlds."
0	"it allows itself to be known by means of signs that unveil its existence and suggest what it may be, but without making itself present."
0	"the inspired world has to confront the paradox of a worth that eludes measure and a form of equivalence that privileges particularity."
0	"its way of appearing is to deposit a breath that animates, that draws "imagination out of its stupor" and prods it to take off."
0	"the same results can be achieved with the help of devices borrowed from religions of the far east, from zen, and from psychoanalytical approaches.""
0	"the proof for inspiration justifications is the display of an emotion, or otherwise showing that one is moved or overwhelmed or awed."
0	"finally, activists refer to the natural harmony of man and nature, an equilibrium that is beautiful and inspiring, that is found in the remote canyon."
0	"beings in the state of unworthiness are defined with reference to the world of fame, in that they seek respect and attach "importance" to "social position" and to "external signs of success.""
0	"the stroke of genius (judgment)."
0	"in the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation."
0	"the anxiety of creation (dignity)."
0	"our elite teams challenge themselves to build extraordinary experiences by bridging the latest strategy and design thinking with enterprise-grade software development."
0	"sources of inspiration"
0	"the alchemy of unexpected encounters (relationships)."
0	"the temptation to come down to earth (the fall)."
0	"access to inspired worth thus calls for sacrificing forms of stabilization and the contrivances that ensure the identity of persons in other worlds."
0	"in the inspired state of worthiness, beings are not subject to industrial measures, reason, determination, or the certainties of technology; they deviate from the ordinary and "take on bizarre airs.""
0	"the worthiest persons in terms of inspiration are often despised by the world at large; they may be poor, dependent, and useless."
0	"the way to escape from reality is to "let imagination run wild," "turn individuals into explorers of the imaginary so they can succeed in "descending into the unconscious," for "all creation draws upon the unconscious.""
0	"artists do not necessarily reject public marks of reputation or financial recognition, but they must, in order to be allowed to accept them, make a compromise, which is always difficult to reach, with another kind of worth, say, for example, with that of renown or of the market."
0	"illumination, intuition, spring up, appear, chance, bubbling up, revolution, vertigo, surpass (oneself), masterpiece, planet, aura."
0	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use."
0	"all coincidences are relevant because "relationships, often tenuous or purely intellectual ones" exist "among all the elements of our universe.""
0	"sources of inspiration"
0	"justifications based on inspiration and emotion [   inspiration    worth]"
0	"- in addition, you may use, copy, modify and redistribute all artistic creative works (figures and images) included in this distribution under the directory"
0	"he knows, on the contrary, that he will have to experience failures, run in place for long periods, start over again and again before succeeding.""
0	"the anxiety of creation (dignity)."
0	"the outpouring of inspiration (higher common principle) inspiration."
0	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist."
0	"in this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness."
0	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange.""
0	"one must "break out of habits and routine," "accept risks," "reject habits, norms, sacrosanct principles," and call everything into question while shaking oneself loose from the "inertia of knowledge.""
0	"inspired persons are not afraid to define themselves by using terms that would devalue them according to a different logic, as for example when one qualifies oneself as irrational."
0	"in this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness."
0	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves."
0	"love, passion, create."
0	"in both the somport and clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature."
0	"in order to display the objects of the inspired world we used a practical guide devoted to the development of executives\' creativity written by a \'creativity consultant\', whose title is la creativite en pratique."
0	"even when they attain recognition, they never see in their success the very bases of their work\'s value or of their own."
0	"in this world, in which beings are appreciated for their uniqueness and in which the being with the highest degree of generality is the most original, the worthy are at once unique and universal."
0	"they stem equally from a mind and a body (a gift may be manifested either in gestures or in words) that are prepared to receive inspiration- in other words, that are cut off from what connects them to arrangements of other natures and placed in a state of availability."
0	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application."
0	"in this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"the temptation to come down to earth (the fall)."
0	"if you found this project helpful, any monetary contributions to the patreon are appreciated and will be put to good creative use."
0	"one must adopt a "different language," that of "images, phantasms, symbols, myths, legends," shot through with associations, open to the fantastic, to dreams, and "nourished by the prodigious accumulation of images, memories, and myths that has built up without our conscious awareness.""
0	"in terms of inspiration, *black* is about as configurable as *gofmt*."
0	"the manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas."
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"it leads to the experience of particular states "in which the barriers are down," bodily states and mind-jests that are moments of plenitude and inspiration."
0	"these beings are worthy and great when they are odd, wonderful, emotional."
0	"the terms that designate the operation of avoiding alternate worlds (which are denounced as illusory) take on particular relief here: to prepare oneself for worthiness is to "shed one\'s rational mental outlook," "give up" everything in order to devote oneself to one\'s vocation, shed one\'s skin, get rid of one\'s old self."
0	"`com.moagrius.widgets.scrollview` is a clone of aosp\'s `scrollview` and `horizontalscrollview`, with some inspiration taken from `recyclerview` and `gesturedetector`."
0	"a true adventure is an inner adventure, and a true voyage is a voyage of the mind, a pathfinding, a quest."
0	"its expressions are diverse and many-sided: holiness, creativity, artistic sensibility, imagination, etc."
0	"a true adventure is an inner adventure, and a true voyage is a voyage of the mind, a pathfinding, a quest."
0	"all coincidences are relevant because "relationships, often tenuous or purely intellectual ones" exist "among all the elements of our universe.""
0	"this worth rests upon the attainment of a state of grace and is, therefore, completely independent of recognition by others."
0	"the radical singer-songwriter renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: the aspe valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that i have had the privilege of seeing"
0	"indeed, only in universes detached from reality- from "demoralizing reality," or what purports to be such in other worlds, and especially in the industrial world-can true worths be manifested: thus it is necessary to "explode what is called reality.""
0	"in the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation."
0	"the manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas."
0	"this worth rests upon the attainment of a state of grace and is, therefore, completely independent of recognition by others."
0	"the universal value of uniqueness (relation of worth)."
0	"from here what you do is only limited by your imagination, but here are a few ideas to get started:"
0	"it arises, particularly, in the personal body when prepared by asceticism, and especially through emotions."
0	"even when they attain recognition, they never see in their success the very bases of their work\'s value or of their own."
0	"we want designers to be as creative as possible to better serve end users, and developers to dedicate their time programming the core functionality and forget about repetitive tasks such as ui implementation."
0	"according to this logic, there are beings even worthier than artists, beings who inhabit magical worlds (shades, fairies, magi), but when these are evoked in the work we are drawing on here it is always in a desecratory mode."
0	"the inspired person is inclined to put himself in a questing state, to "enter into affective relationships, the only ones that generate warmth, originality, and creativity among individuals"; he is inclined to dream, to "imagine," that is, to "conceive what does not exist," to create (art, cinema, literature, painting, theater), to seek encounters, to "raise questions," to produce word plays and witticisms that lead "into other universes" and thus to achieve transmutations."
0	"the universal value of uniqueness (relation of worth)."
0	"one shifts without transition from the singularity of the i to the generality of man."
0	"It takes inspiration in tools that exist in other languages, like `composer` (PHP) or `cargo` (Rust)."
0	"in order to display the objects of the inspired world we used a practical guide devoted to the development of executives\' creativity written by a \'creativity consultant\', whose title is la creativite en pratique."
0	"you\'re just looking for [some inspiration][inspiration], we\'ve got you covered."
0	"in such peak moments-in the creation of a masterpiece, for example-inspiration manifests itself spontaneously, suddenly, in a disorderly fashion, gripping the creator and obliging him to "surpass himself.""
0	"this library was made by possible based on code and design inspiration from these sources:"
0	"one shifts without transition from the singularity of the i to the generality of man."
1	"Is the Economy Commanding You to Remodel Your Kitchen?For those who've put off home improvement projects like a kitchen remodel because of the recession, key economic indicators are saying the time is right to start them."
1	"Here Are the Jobs!Far from killing jobs, this policy would create jobs and protect lives"



