category	text
1	"also, you can install drivers for various vm providers to optimize your minikube vm performance. "
1	"will return a bar plot comparing the models on different measures: "
1	"* expected result: 2.63% test error rate with 3.3m model params. "
1	"if you know your terminal size, you can control the output size with the following options: "
1	"- to provide a range of non-functional features that are common to large classes of projects (e.g. "
1	"the recycler view has a built-in adapter to control the shimmer appearance and provide two methods - "
1	"  * integrates smoothly with maven, gradle or ant to run tests as part of continuous integration. "
1	"`dm_control` is regularly tested using the following platforms and python "
1	"if you test it with such configuration, please provide feedback! "
1	"you are welcomed to add more test cases to this project, increasing the "
1	"the performance of modes 1 and 2 are plotted below for various input sizes. "
1	"`test`: used by unit tests "
1	"tencent soter is a biometric standard as well as a platform held by tencent. "
1	"- powerful helper functions to train any tensorflow graph, with support of multiple inputs, outputs and optimizers. "
1	"androidscreencast was developed to view and control your android device from a pc. "
1	"but this part gets you the output you\'re probably interested in, without unnecessary complexity. "
1	"function\xe2\x80\x99s primitive operations for better performance. "
1	"tests an existing attentive lstm model (drqa reader) on the squad dataset from our model zoo: "
1	"be used to run different kinds of native tests. "
1	"we also hope to add more advanced automatic differentiation and compiler functionality in the future, such as automatic trade-off between memory and compute (griewank and walther 2000; gruslys et al., 2016), more aggressive optimizations, and lambda lifting. "
1	"## functional services "
1	"after training is finished, you can test and validate with: "
1	"conductor provides a light-weight wrapper around standard android views that does just about everything you\'d want: "
1	"if you have installed youtube-dl using a package manager like *apt-get* or *yum*, use the standard system update mechanism to update. "
1	"- feature engineering (particularly around dates, and nlp). "
1	"1000 randomly sampled test images, 3 labels per image, majority labelling. "
1	"additionally, it provides a new approximate convergence measure, fast and stable training and high visual quality. "
1	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using `pytest`). "
1	"if you need more control over how click behavior works, please see issue #350. "
1	"another key aspect of microservices is that the focus of a team building a component now moves away from just delivering that component to running and maintainig that business functionality given by that component. "
1	"related maven properties relevant to integration test: "
1	"vert.x supports native transport on bsd and linux, to run the tests with native transport "
1	"you are welcomed to add more test cases to this project, increasing the "
1	"in this project, two benchmarks are exploited for evaluation. "
1	"*networks aren\'t reliable, so you\'ll need to support partition tolerance. "
1	"an extensive mean-opinion-score (mos) test shows hugely significant gains in perceptual quality using srgan. "
1	"the \'style-shifting\' operation is what allows our model to transfer standard image captions to the style of stories from novels. "
1	"essentially, the smaller operational data sets can be stored in-memory only, and larger data sets that do not fit in memory can be stored on disk, using memory as a caching layer for better performance. "
1	"with this nuwa project\xef\xbc\x8cyou can also have the repairing power, fix your android applicaiton without have to publish a new apk to the appstore. "
1	"python test.py centernet-52 --testiter <iter> --split <split> --suffix multi_scale "
1	"it gives the whole overview about prediction functions, feature extraction, learning algorithms, performance evaluation, cross-validation, sample bias, nonstationarity, overfitting, and hyperparameter tuning. "
1	"Note that for clangd to have some of the above mentioned functionality, you need "
1	"geometrical vs topological measures for the evolution of aesthetic maps in a rts game, entertainment computing, "
1	"the integration tests can then use these services and verify debezium behaves as expected, and when the integration tests finish, debezium\'s build will automatically stop any containers that it started. "
1	"however, do make sure to follow the standards on `contributing.md`. "
1	"use our simple and powerful apis & sdks and our open source libraries for interactivity and control. "
1	"after stopping, it will evaluate the result on the test set. "
1	"in standard generative adversarial network (sgan), the discriminator estimates the probability that the input data is real. "
1	"### running automated tests "
1	"## disabling test execution "
1	"we also provide [pre-trained models](#pre-trained-models-and-examples) for several benchmark "
1	"        default to the standard output, which you can redirect to a file. "
1	"and improves productivity by making asynchronous code simpler and more readable. "
1	"when writing unit tests it is often useful to bypass encapsulation and therefore powermock includes several features that simplifies reflection specifically useful for testing. "
1	"> this functionality exists because the android studio default logcat view only shows the output for the "
1	"# pass feedback about performance (and termination) to the agent "
1	"also, if the progress of your background task cannot be easily measured you might prefer to use an indeterminate progress indicator. "
1	"For running all tests write down: "
1	"test your dejavu settings on a corpus of audio files on a number of different metrics: "
1	"  brickhouse covers a wide range of functionality, grouped in the  "
1	"You are welcome to submit your benchmark; simply create a new issue and we\'ll list your results here. "
1	"to test on an image or a folder of images (```$path_img```), you can simply do the following: "
1	"transformer-xl achieves new state-of-the-art results on multiple language modeling benchmarks. "
1	"mvn clean test -p benchmark -pl vavr-benchmark "
1	"a couple observations on stress tests "
1	"there are many implementations of sorts in the java standard library that are much better for performance reasons. "
1	"the test framework gives your blockstack "
1	"Look at the output of your CMake call. "
1	"as a community, we no longer hand-engineer our mapping functions, and this work suggests we can achieve reasonable results without hand-engineering our loss functions either. "
1	"  the pulltorefreshlistview replaces a standard listview widget. "
1	"  title   = {{mmdetection}: open mmlab detection toolbox and benchmark}, "
1	"- **server (collector)** : save the performance metrics from scouter agents or telegraf. "
1	"and release builds you should run all tests using the target java version. "
1	"pyshark supports automatic decryption of traces using the wep, wpa-pwd, and wpa-psk standards (wpa-pwd is the default). "
1	"### compile and test, build jars "
1	"* **continuous deployment** - build and test with jenkins, provision a new aws cluster, turn on some traffic with the load balancer, and roll-forth or roll-back based on newrelic app performance data. "
1	"miasm comes with a set of regression tests. "
1	"none are required for a fully functional vpn server. "
1	"## help support spyder, the community-developed scientific ide! "
1	"is in the "a top-down method for performance analysis and counter architecture" "
1	"only use on sites you control for educational purposes. "
1	"* functional updates will be reflected in the 3rd number of the version, for example, the next version of 0.1.0 will be 0.1.1. "
1	"we develop software since 2009, and we\'re known experts in this field. "
1	"b'# tracking progress in natural language processing "
1	"What is particularly worrying about this process is that it is a network-linked secure boot process where centralized external servers have the power to dictate what the device should boot. "
1	"everything is organized in a fashion that is cohesive to the penetration testing execution standard (ptes) and eliminates a lot of things that are hardly used. "
1	"this access is direct and high-performance, yet also wrapped in a type-safe "
1	"Wi-Fi Diagnostics) will require root privileges for full functionality. "
1	"will use tst2012 as our dev dataset, and tst2013 as our test dataset. "
1	"for security professionals and researchers only. "
1	"### running the integration tests using bats "
1	"for more control over the remote download domain and local download directory, see how to use [`magnitudeutils.download_model`](#utils). "
1	"on grpc for better performance and provide idiomatic client surface for "
1	"Zappa does not intend to conform to PEP8, isolate your commits so that changes to functionality with changes made by your linter. "
1	"For efficiency, YCM only fetches UltiSnips snippets in specific scenarios like "
1	"| integrity checks and tests                                                                                                                            | \xe2\x9c\x85                     | \xe2\x9c\x85                    | \xe2\x9c\x85                   | \xe2\x9c\x85                                                      | "
1	"performance metrics are not available, but you can view some "stress test" examples for the example endpoints. "
1	"you do that with standard modern python types. "
1	"it is generally used to measure the execution time of snippets. "
1	"the reality is that many standard frameworks make this "
1	"  recommend to put the images on a ssd for possible better training performance "
1	"for newer versions, the bundled `ntfsea` library provides functionality to write the ntfs extended attributes required for voifs, and as such, extraction now happens without the involvement of wsl. "
1	">   # some justified output "
1	"a novel sequence to sequence framework utilizes the **self-attention mechanism**, instead of convolution operation or recurrent structure, and achieve the state-of-the-art performance on **wmt 2014 english-to-german translation task**. "
1	"install package and test dependencies: "
1	"      record performances, and things you done that works, and things that are not. "
1	" * test a code to see if it is a valid sequence "
1	"* set `java_home` to point to jdk you want to test against (should be compatible with the version you set in [gradle.properties](gradle.properties)). "
1	"For every building blocks, we include a test function in the each file below, and we\'ve test each small piece successfully. "
1	"the ycmd test directory. "
1	"this will setup the app in a virtual environment and run the included test app (`app.py`) immediately on port `8080`. "
1	"ignite automatically controls how data is partitioned, however, users can plug in their own distribution (affinity) functions and collocate various pieces of data together for efficiency. "
1	"also, we study the quantitative and visual performance of wgan-div on standard image synthesis benchmarks, showing the superior performance of wgan-div compared to the state-of-the-art methods. "
1	"to run the tests first install the development dependencies via: "
1	"it should take only **one example** to demonstrate the power and flexibility of the windowgram.\r "
1	"- [ ] front-end tests. "
1	"**(untested)** the following is based on a standard ubuntu image provided by `dreamhost`, but should work on any linux distribution **without** docker installed and running under **non-root** user (e.g. "
1	"### installation and tests "
1	"This functionality requires the "
1	"to test a model put your blurry images into a folder and run: "
1	"  - **_parlaidialogteacher_**: a teacher that implements a simple standard text format for many tasks (non-visual tasks only) "
1	"standard slide featuring a title, short description and image like google\'s intros. "
1	"this helps prevent a many-to-one mapping from the latent code to the output during training, also known as the problem of mode collapse, and produces more diverse results. "
1	"code is passed via standard input. "
1	"* `benchmark`: quickly iterate through the resolutions to measure the raw training performance. "
1	"using the pairwise ordering will not remove any functionality form these implementations, but in most  "
1	"it can be used to simulate a heavy load on a server, group of servers, network or object to test its strength or to analyze overall performance under different load types. "
1	"* role-based access control. "
1	"- fused kernels that improve the performance and numerical stability of `apex.parallel.syncbatchnorm`. "
1	"the max value, *max_gradient_norm*, is often set to a value "
1	"we evaluate on stl-10 and pascal datasets, where our approach obtains performance comparable or superior to existing methods. "
1	"we decided to go open source after reaching 100% test coverage. "
1	"simple example showing some basic functionality "
1	"ideally training and validation should be separate, where the model is loaded every time to test on validation. "
1	"Newly installed systems can also just add a standard account. "
1	"data management system that provides reliable asynchronous event notifications "
1	"#### for standard sizes start format string with: "
1	"### using shared data for performance and simplicity. "
1	"under this model, it has a test function, which ask this model to count numbers both for story(context) and query(question). "
1	"and to imporove performance by  increasing weights of these wrong predicted labels or finding potential errors from data. "
1	"  in terms of speed, we test the inference speed of both cornernet and centernet on a nvidia tesla p100 gpu. "
1	"- train and test the network using the training shell script "
1	"Each line will contain output for each sample, columns are the "
1	"our proposed method encourages bijective consistency between the latent encoding and output modes. "
1	"the main reason for this is source control and collaboration: when looking at the changes of a commit, it is much easier to identify what sentence was changed if they are each on their separate line. "
1	"Many scientific algorithms can be expressed in terms of large matrix "
1	"the test settings can be set by updating the ```test``` section of the configuration file (see the ```configs``` folder for examples). "
1	"- open source means: no backdoors, control is better than trust "
1	"test with pre-trained resnet101 models "
1	"The zappa asynchronous functionality only works "
1	"to make sure everything works fine, test the model on the following conversation "
1	"They do not contain package managers, shells or any other programs you would expect to find in a standard Linux distribution. "
1	"that's it, then feel free to add more integration test for the dubbo project. "
1	"    it\'s needed for the unit tests which are run during a build. "
1	"please note that powermock is mainly intended for people with expert knowledge in unit testing. "
1	"more control over the build process. "
1	"it\'s important to **benchmark** and **profile** to simulate and uncover bottlenecks. "
1	"research project focused on improving the performance of remotely sensed tree surveys. "
1	"hotswap performance can be improved using an experimental option `-xx:hotswapdeoptclasspath=`. "
1	"vert.x has a few integrations tests that run a differently configured jvm (classpath, system properties, etc....) "
1	"### running tests of the postgres connector against an external database, e.g. "
1	"* the load balancer can become a performance bottleneck if it does not have enough resources or if it is not configured properly. "
1	"write code and test code and pull request. "
1	"at present, uetool provides functionality as follows: "
1	"this uses performance counters in the cpu. "
1	"- **agent** : gather performance information and send to the server "
1	"the physical web must be an open standard that everyone can use. "
1	"useful for benchmarking. "
1	"Initially conceived by the network engineering team at "
1	"they should also be reasonably optimized for fast performance while still being easy to read. "
1	"We\'re working on improving that experience or providing alternatives that give more fine-tuned control. "
1	"Should you encounter any bugs, glitches, lack of functionality or "
1	"maven is not required (anymore) to develop portfolio performance as you can develop using the eclipse ide with the setup above. "
1	"to obtain the test set result using the best chosen hyperparameter from cv, run the following: "
1	"unfortunately there are no current plans to make any changes to this project in the near future, and it is not being maintained or updated. "
1	"the `phonenumbermatcher` object provides the relevant functionality; you can iterate over it to retrieve a "
1	"this behavior has "chain reaction" effects among apps with similar sdks, greatly aggravating the overall device performance. "
1	"The chat bots can even scrape the internet for information to return in their output as well as to use for learning. "
1	"  to learn how to use distributedlog to build your reliable real-time services. "
1	"runs the tests "
1	"nowadays, centralized cloud providers are in control of these services, these platforms are constrained by closed networks, proprietary payment systems, and hard-coded provisioning operations. "
1	"this can add a *human touch* to the output; it feels like you\'re the writer! "
1	"this specialization has in turn made it critical to have a reliable and scalable data pipeline that can capture these changes happening for primary source-of-truth systems and route them through the rest of the  "
1	"_a logical, reasonably standardized, but flexible project structure for doing and sharing data science work._ "
1	"In the case of Apple hardware and the use of EFI, Apple stores relevant information within EFI to aid in the functionality of macOS. "
1	"but when you want to maximize performance, you can often use `jit` in your own "
1	"Accepts both standard text and numeric logging values. "
1	"tcp is useful for applications that require high reliability but are less time critical. "
1	"Photon\'s smart thread management & refined logic gives you top notch performance. "
1	"it is is also captured in audit logs for integrating with external logging and analytical tools: logstash, splunk, statsd, syslog. "
1	"mycat\xe2\x80\x99s target is to smoothly migrate the current stand-alone database and applications to cloud side with low cost and to solve the bottleneck problem caused by the rapid growth of data storage and business scale. "
1	"train (and test, evaluation) "
1	"We designed ElastAlert to be reliable, highly modular, and easy to set up and configure. "
1	"test software performance under resource constraints "
1	"moreover, writting unit tests becomes easier because the viewmodels are decoupled from the view. "
1	"> "asgi is going to enable all sorts of new high-performance web services. "
1	"* **full control** over queries, transaction and object mapping "
1	"4) how can we become expert in a specific of machine learning? "
1	"the output is consistent with the output of ```basesvc.decision_function``` when the `decision_function_shape` is set to `ovo`. "
1	"* wireless social engineering "
1	"to run all the tests please execute the following command from the project root folder: "
1	"like solr itself, the test-running can be customized or tailored in a number or "
1	"you can check the solution executing tests inside tests directory. "
1	"bidirectionality on the encoder side generally gives better performance (with "
1	"the base visidata package concerns loaders whose dependencies are covered by the python3 standard library. "
1	"to run the integration tests of the pg connector using wal2json, enable the "wal2json-decoder" build profile: "
1	"once you\'ve got a phone number, a common task is to format it in a standardized format. "
1	"It doesn\xe2\x80\x99t include any personal information and it\xe2\x80\x99s used to measure the effectiveness of a promotional campaign. "
1	"for more information about the other functionality available from the library, look in the unit tests or in the original "
1	"it is build on placeholderview and adds the functionality of handling load more views when the user has scrolled to the bottom of the list. "
1	"### how is the model performance measured? "
1	"if you need further control on how to add paths to `sys.path`, you should define "
1	"most results can be copied and pasted wherever you like, since they use standard block characters. "
1	"- the differences in the output of `g1` and `g2` in the second part is due the way variables `array_1` and `array_2` are re-assigned values. "
1	"availability, improved performance, scalability, and fault tolerance. "
1	"each model has a test method under the model class. "
1	"    - [steps to implement pagination functionality into tableview](#steps-to-implement-pagination-functionality-into-tableview) "
1	"the subdirectories contain sample implementations and tests for different "
1	"drqa\'s performance improves significantly in the full-setting when provided with distantly supervised data from additional datasets. "
1	"* **write user test scenarios in plain-old python**<br> "
1	"i basically wrote the whole library in a rush, without tests, while being a serious expert beginner at the time. "
1	"  the algorithms performance. "
1	"this functionality is enabled by default when the tool is launched. "
1	"Secondly, we will do max pooling for the output of convolutional operation. "
1	"to combine test data from all tasks into a single test set, use "
1	"if you use this toolbox or benchmark in your research, please cite this project. "
1	"hides the complexity of performance and functional tests with an automation-friendly convenience wrapper. "
1	"this is a collection of algorithms and data structures which i\'ve implement over the years in my academic and professional life. "
1	"   or controlling the output compression of a tiff file. "
1	"also, when running the tests, make sure that the cuda profiling tools interface (cupti) can be found, e.g. "
1	"undebt lets you define complex find-and-replace rules using standard, straightforward python that can be applied quickly to an entire code base with a simple command. "
1	"numpy is a generic framework for scientific computing; it does not "
1	"testing scripts to confirm functional correctness of the code "
1	"  architecture to deliver fail-safe reliability and performance. "
1	"    this\'s the the performance of material style in support package v19. "
1	"to run all the jax tests, we recommend using `pytest-xdist`, which can run tests in "
1	"with *anaconda* and other scientific python distributions, so you don't need "
1	"In some extent, the difference of performance is not so big. "
1	"Evaluate your performance in one line: "
1	"architectures, sgd with scheduling will generally lead to better performance if "
1	"- small performance enhancement for multithreadclaimstrategy. "
1	"because of performance issue - those queue is processed in separate thread, this is required due to blocking nature of all above operations. "
1	"display the output of individual modules in one or more web browser instances. "
1	"That means we can quickly audit their behavior and remove them if they request access to information they shouldn\'t (why would an Ad blocker require camera access?). "
1	"### completion doesn\'t work with the c++ standard library headers "
1	"that said, yes the performance isn\'t as good as the sharedpreferences. "
1	"this document aims to track the progress in natural language processing (nlp) and give an overview "
1	"is to provide the reader with a quick overview of benchmark datasets and the state-of-the-art for their "
1	"  - powerful, flexible [**group by**][groupby] functionality to perform "
1	"    reliability by using multi-threaded amazon s3 multipart calls. "
1	"> The introduction of these coprocessors to Mac devices, while increasing security in many ways, brings with it all the issues with iOS discussed above, and means that running mac devices securely with complete user control, and without forced network interaction with the Apple mothership in highly sensitive corporate and other environments problematic and risky. "
1	"this task acts as a regularizer for standard supervised training of the discriminator. "
1	"udp is less reliable but works well in real time use cases such as voip, video chat, streaming, and realtime multiplayer games. "
1	"the precision x recall curve is a good way to evaluate the performance of an object detector as the confidence is changed by plotting a curve for each object class. "
1	"to test the model: "
1	"a **distributed transaction solution** with high performance and ease of use for **microservices** architecture. "
1	"as a result, they fail to generate diverse outputs from a given source domain image. "
1	"* support the padding, and the subsequent slide down on plans to join, so no longer support contentitem margin properties. "
1	"In this project, two benchmarks are exploited for evaluation. "
1	"   productivity, and the scalability and robustness of hive queries. "
1	"    point, please email the resulting output to samuel clay at  "
1	"with cyclops map and other functional operations become lazy, and the your chain of commands are only executed when data within the collection is exected for the first time. "
1	"This guide is targeted to \xe2\x80\x9cpower users\xe2\x80\x9d who wish to adopt enterprise-standard security, but is also suitable for novice users with an interest in improving their privacy and security on a Mac. "
1	"the perplexity on the test sets of penn treebank corpora. "
1	"**: unlike other libraries and tools which either give a nice output or fail miserably (with no in-between), camelot gives you the power to tweak table extraction. "
1	"all unit tests in baselines can be run using pytest runner: "
1	"- Understandability: deep learning model internals are often considered black boxes, but we provide standard visualizations to understand their performance and compare their predictions. "
1	"more generally, the `dnc` class found within `dnc.py` can be used as a standard "
1	"this functionality can be implemented in software or hardware, running in an appliance device, or in a typical server running a common operating system. "
1	"for this model can use normal python flow control to implement the loop, and we "
1	"engineers and ux designers at google, these components enable a reliable "
1	"to package up a new jar file without running the tests: "
1	"if you want to restrict the entry of ips to the current client ip using an automatically populated drop-down, create a standard user account using the `account-creator.sh` script located in the `auth` directory, which will prompt you for the input and create the user account. "
1	"> iOS has from the start been designed with very little end-user control with no way for end-users to configure devices according to their wishes while maintaining security and relies heavily on new, closed source code. "
1	"this is achieved while using a relatively simple model architecture and a standard training procedure. "
1	""**continuous control with deep reinforcement learning**." "
1	"hive provides standard sql functionality, including many of the later "
1	"- switch to hdrhistogram for latency measurement "
1	"ignite allows you to control how many instances of your service should be deployed on each cluster node and will "
1	"benchmarking and profiling might point you to the following optimizations. "
1	"write a test which shows that the bug was fixed or that the feature works as expected. "
1	"for efficiency, ycm only fetches ultisnips snippets in specific scenarios like "
1	"In this project, two benchmarks are exploited for evaluation. "
1	"you can disable all tests by skipping the `test` task: "
1	"note that by default, only the vanilla hadoop tests are running - you can enable additional tests (such as hive or pig) by adding the tasks  "
1	"   non-reuse (linearity) is not yet checked. "
1	"    some benchmark scripts. "
1	"state-of-the-art results are achieved on challenging benchmarks. "
1	"if you need more control of write parameters and the writing process, the common idiom for writing is something like: "
1	"delivering applications to users, also for (interactive) scientific "
1	"these tests may take as much as half an hour to complete. "
1	"## quick start: test on an image using our trained model  "
1	"immediacy of real-time chat with the productivity benefits of threaded "
1	"a test suite is also present to complement the functional testing. "
1	"thank you for your interest in logback, the reliable, generic, fast "
1	"patator is a multi-threaded tool written in python, that strives to be more reliable and flexible than his fellow predecessors. "
1	"the benchmarks shown are actual screenshots taken from a 2nd gen moto x.<sub>* "
1	"it first use one layer mlp to get uit hidden representation of the sentence, then measure the importance of the word as the similarity of uit with a word level context vector uw and get a normalized importance through a softmax function. "
1	"while we try to provide the best possible xmpp library for android and java se compatible execution environments by following state of the art software engineering practices, the api may not always perfectly fit your requirements. "
1	"when the inverse is true, where there are many more outputs than inputs, reverse mode is not an efficient algorithm, as it has to be run as many times as there are output variables. "
1	"* `--world`, set the max channel to 13. in n. america the max channel standard is 11, but the rest of the world uses 13 channels so use this option if you\'re not in n. america "
1	"It excels at transforming transactional and relational datasets into feature matrices for machine learning using reusable feature engineering "primitives". "
1	"remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish rpc calls from local calls. "
1	"you want compiled control flow, use structured control flow primitives like "
1	"the most interesting part is a feature-rich, persistent collection library that smoothly integrates with java\'s standard collections. "
1	"If you use this toolbox or benchmark in your research, please cite this project. "
1	"tensorlayer has extensive documentation for both beginners and professionals. "
1	"incorporating our strong expertise in building recurrent and seq2seq models "
1	"- fast & reliable "
1	"you don\'t have to be a machine learning expert to add recommendations, object detection, image classification, image similarity or activity classification to your app. "
1	"trends in the configured output for anything you want to measure from your logs. "
1	" * `--keepall`: use this flag when training if when testing, you want to see the predictions at different steps (it can be interesting to see the program changes its name and age as the training progress). "
1	"This allows ease of use for novices and flexibility for experts. "
1	"### benchmark results "
1	"#### i need professional support with conversations or setting up my server "
1	"some databases offer apis or frameworks for monitoring changes, but there is no standard so each database\'s approach is different and requires a lot of knowledged and specialized code. "
1	"we believe that it is important to provide benchmarks that people can easily "
1	"for example, some teams would like to enforce additional tagging standards apart from the global standards set for all of the cloud. "
1	"take the control of the flow graph by inverting conditional jumps: "
1	"control the same concepts if the user has those set. "
1	"  to select the cpus to measure. "
1	"now you can control the slide of the view, just use the method expand() when you want. "
1	">>> ord(\'e\') # latin \'e\', as used in english and typed using standard keyboard "
1	"library for the oauth 1.0a and oauth 2.0 authorization standards. "
1	"you should understand this context in order to manage the system performance efficiently. "
1	"when training context encoders, we have experimented with both a standard pixel-wise reconstruction loss, as well as a reconstruction plus an adversarial loss. "
1	"the application is still reliable. "
1	"**ssh-audit** is a tool for ssh server auditing. "
1	""[engineering the next generation of cloud "
1	"the following **has not been tested** and is based on a standard ubuntu image provided by `microsoft azure` using `cloud-harness` automation tool i wrote a while back and assumes an empty `microsoft azure` subscription. "
1	"least likelihood of potential pitfalls for non-experts, and we may be "
1	"make socket communication more beautiful, suitable for large, medium and small project, the rapid development of stable, maintainable, reliable socket connection. "
1	"modules from the standard library you have to load a single javascript file "
1	"this makes the training set too "easy" which causes the model to perform worse on other benchmarks. "
1	"disable cudnn for batch_norm: "
1	"standard folder layout: "
1	"*Useful CLI-based tools for productivity. "
1	"apache curator includes a high-level api framework and utilities to make using apache zookeeper much easier and more reliable. "
1	"its objectives include effective levels of decoupling between devices and applications, designed to keep markets open and encourage the rapid growth of scalable web and enterprise middleware and applications. "
1	"* [denormalize](#denormalization) where performance demands it. "
1	"measure whole system in level 2 while program is running "
1	"Training progress will be displayed in the console, but TensorBoard can also be used. "
1	"we also apply the proposed framework to domain adaptation and achieve state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets. "
1	"`dubbo-spring-boot-starter` is a standard spring boot starter, which contains [dubbo-spring-boot-autoconfigure](dubbo-spring-boot-autoconfigure) and [dubbo-spring-boot-actuator](dubbo-spring-boot-actuator). "
1	" * reliable text based **"record-replay"** generator is also a high priority feature under development. "
1	"professional services "
1	"## help support spyder, the community-developed scientific ide! "
1	"we here at blueline labs tend to use either mvp or mvvm, but it would work equally well with standard mvc or whatever else you want to throw at it. "
1	"denormalization attempts to improve read performance at the expense of some write performance. "
1	"once connected it can trace your application code, 3rd party modules and modules that are part of the erlang standard libary. "
1	"the ability to capture data packets they send is very dependent on physical proximity and the power of your network card. "
1	"  * v. akbarzadeh, c. gagn\xc3\xa9, m. parizeau, m. argany, m. a mostafavi, "probabilistic sensing model for sensor placement optimization based on line-of-sight coverage", accepted in ieee transactions on instrumentation and measurement, 2012. "
1	"  * readability of test cases is greatly improved, compared to standard instrumentation tests. "
1	"for more information, including future plans for an open source license, please see the file `windowgram.py`.\r "
1	"below is the level 2 toplev measurement of a linux kernel compile. "
1	"    Figure: Training progress of a regularized polynomial regression model fitting <br> "
1	"to a normalized output (one column for each event). "
1	"object that is similar to the standard websocket object but websock "
1	"  load less annotations to accelarate training progress. "
1	"- focused on reducing the memory usage with the result that the peak memory usage on various benchmarks nearly halved. "
1	"it has been proven quite reliable on a great number of them. "
1	"learning how to design scalable systems will help you become a better engineer. "
1	"robotium makes it easy to write powerful and robust automatic black-box ui tests for android applications. "
1	"  * jpegs using non-standard color spaces, unsupported by java 2d "
1	"This allows ease of use for novices and flexibility for experts. "
1	"capabilities of a scientific package. "
1	"it excels at transforming transactional and relational datasets into feature matrices for machine learning using reusable feature engineering "primitives". "
1	"also, we study the quantitative and visual performance of wgan-div on standard image synthesis benchmarks, showing the superior performance of wgan-div compared to the state-of-the-art methods. "
1	"* toplev has a new --summary option to print the summary of the complete measurement session "
1	"these extensions are standardized as well in so called "
1	"designed for distributing, indexing, and analyzing the data generated during a security audit. "
1	"the lower levels of the measurement tree are less reliable "
1	"- [x] **add layer normalization rnn for efficiency** (2017-08-06) "
1	"as a result cqrs applications are usually more complicated, especially when they need to ensure reliable and totally-ordered processing. "
1	"the new version provides plenty features for convenient usage and efficiency improvement. "
1	"use memory to track state of world; and use non-linearity transform of hidden state and question(query) to make a prediction. "
1	"we report the benchmarks with resnet-50 backbone as below. "
1	"measurement errors with non steady state workloads "
1	"You don\'t have to be a machine learning expert to add recommendations, object detection, image classification, image similarity or activity classification to your app. "
1	"4) How can we become expert in a specific of Machine Learning? "
1	"we propose an alternative to clipping weights: penalize the norm of gradient of the critic with respect to its input. "
1	"### company engineering blogs "
1	"by the global norm. "
1	"for input processing, we used the raw 1 billion word benchmark dataset "
1	"reliable _real-time_ applications. "
1	"the glyphs are designed based on this "plan"; most stems and lines will be positioned at em units that are even multiples of 128, and in a few cases they are at even multiples of 64 or as low as 16. "
1	"applications that don\'t need or want this level of fault tolerance, performance, scalability, and reliability can instead use debezium\'s *embedded connector engine* to run a connector directly within the application space. "
1	"    figure: training progress of a generative adversarial network generating <br> "
1	"one of the main challenges when building a research project, or a solution based on a published algorithm, is getting a concrete and reliable baseline that reproduces the algorithm\'s results, as reported by its authors. "
1	"| [Available Models]     | Detailed model descriptions, accuracy figures and benchmarks. "
1	"developers now have greater control over how their applications are deployed across clusters of resources, run and scale in production, and can take advantage of powerful placement capabilities of amazon ecs. "
1	"conditional generative adversarial networks (gans) for cross-domain image-to-image translation have made much progress recently. "
1	"i am not an expert in mathjax. "
1	"there is a set of sample penn tree bank (ptb) corpus in `data` directory, which is a popular benchmark for measuring quality of these models. "
1	"note that the input images to the model need to be standardized using fixed image standardization (use the option `--use_fixed_image_standardization` when running e.g. "
1	"jctools is benchmarked using both jmh benchmarks and handrolled harnesses. "
1	"measure whole system for x seconds every 100ms, outputting in csv format. "
1	"- raschka, sebastian (2018) mlxtend: providing machine learning and data science utilities and extensions to python's scientific computing stack. "
1	"alone, you can rapidly build and test more reliable models. "
1	"* **alibaba cloud schedulerx**\xef\xbc\x9aaccurate, highly reliable, and highly available scheduled job scheduling services with response time within seconds. "
1	">written by three experts in the field, deep learning is the only comprehensive book on the subject." "
1	"The table below collects the submitted benchmarks. "
1	"track training progress in tensorboard: "
1	"## chinese word analogy benchmarks "
1	"Visdom aims to facilitate visualization of (remote) data with an emphasis on supporting scientific experimentation. "
1	"full power of the python language. "
1	"lj speech dataset is recently widely used as a benchmark dataset in the tts task because it is publicly available. "
1	"we propose an alternative to clipping weights: penalize the norm of gradient of the critic with respect to its input. "
1	"- the core control flow has been rewritten, which fixes several performance and reliability issues about adapter and async content support. "
1	"1) performance benchmarking "
1	"- focus was on improving language compatibility to the point that we can start running "real code" in the form of existing benchmarks. "
1	"independent techempower benchmarks show starlette applications running under uvicorn "
1	"**on december 12th, a facebook engineer commented that they are developing a new endpoint for scraping posts chronologically. "
1	"we introduce a method for training gans with discrete data that uses the estimated difference measure from the discriminator to compute importance weights for generated samples, thus providing a policy gradient for training the generator. "
1	"xxl-api is a powerful and easy-to-use api management platform that provides "management", "documentation", "mock", and "test" functions for the api. "
1	"b'# stash - shell like an expert in pythonista "
1	"* top statistics on home page with configurable duration and measurement metric. "
1	"golem is a decentralized marketplace for computing power. "
1	"the normalized version, `nem`, lowercases and strips punctuation -- all of our models are trained on lowercased data, so `nem` is a more accurate representation of performance than `em` for our models. "
1	"### How is the model performance measured? "
1	"maintain them and have no plan to support them in the foreseeable future. "
1	"And, finally, there is no reliable tool to properly resolve dependencies in Python, so I started `poetry` "
1	"the paho project has been created to provide reliable open-source implementations of open and standard messaging protocols aimed at new, existing, and emerging applications for machine-to-machine (m2m) and internet of things (iot). "
1	"* string prefixes are now standardized to lowercase and `u` is removed "
1	"The ultimate goal of AutoML is to provide easily accessible deep learning tools to domain experts with limited data science or machine learning background. "
1	"This document aims to track the progress in Natural Language Processing (NLP) and give an overview "
1	"* productivity tools "
1	"you don\'t have to be a machine learning expert to add recommendations, object detection, image classification, image similarity or activity classification to your app. "
1	"mark brought many great ideas into the life using power of python. "
1	"initially conceived by the network engineering team at "
1	"clipped_gradients, _ = tf.clip_by_global_norm( "
1	"<h4 align="center">open source application designed to load test applications and measure performance. "
1	"* national science and engineering research council of canada (nserc), "
1	"rapidoid is an extremely fast http server and modern java web framework / application container, with a strong focus on high productivity and high performance. "
1	"generative adversarial networks (gans) are a learning framework that rely on training a discriminator to estimate a measure of difference between a target and generated distributions. "
1	"  * scan faster and more reliable, now can brute up to 3000 domains per second "
1	"ideally, in order to have trustworthy benchmarking among different approaches, it is necessary to have a flexible implementation that can be used by everyone regardless the dataset used. "
1	"simple methods like average and max pooling of the word level elmo representations across sentences works well, often outperforming supervised methods on benchmark datasets. "
1	"                            clip gradients to this norm [50] "
1	"spyder is a powerful scientific environment written in python, for python, "
1	"its objectives include effective levels of decoupling between devices and applications, designed to keep markets open and encourage the rapid growth of scalable web and enterprise middleware and applications. "
1	"- Powerful helper functions to train any TensorFlow graph, with support of multiple inputs, outputs and optimizers. "
1	"participants of the competition can use the provided matlab script to measure the accuracy of their detections before submitting their results. "
1	"please note that my explanations of the effects may not in fact be accurate or deeply scientific. "
1	"the metrics to measure in a fine grained way. "
1	"you can replace mysql with cobar to power your application. "
1	"It first use one layer MLP to get uit hidden representation of the sentence, then measure the importance of the word as the similarity of uit with a word level context vector uw and get a normalized importance through a softmax function. "
1	"    figure: training progress of a regularized polynomial regression model fitting <br> "
1	"*a fast and reliable distributed task processing library for python 3. "
1	"network connection class currently only measures the user\'s downstream bandwidth. "
1	"convenient & efficient and better performance for java microservice full stack. "
1	"a reliable, flexible, fast and powerful download engine. "
1	"The glyphs are designed based on this "plan"; most stems and lines will be positioned at EM units that are even multiples of 128, and in a few cases they are at even multiples of 64 or as low as 16. "
1	"* 27.01.2014: added benchmarking, bug fixing thanks to [dr-emann][9] "
1	"as mentioned before, there are two different ways to measure the interpolted average precision: **11-point interpolation** and **interpolating all points**. "
1	"| `misc.professions` | calling jobs by the right name | "
1	"non-linearity transform of query and hidden state to get predict label. "
1	"We built an automatic benchmarking system based on `scikit-learn` that covers 129 classifiers (but no deep learning) with different parameters. "
1	"mycat\xe2\x80\x99s target is to smoothly migrate the current stand-alone database and applications to cloud side with low cost and to solve the bottleneck problem caused by the rapid growth of data storage and business scale. "
1	"* an organisation\'s name, searching via linkedin "
1	"- switch to hdrhistogram for latency measurement "
1	"_a logical, reasonably standardized, but flexible project structure for doing and sharing data science work._ "
1	"our deep residual network is able to recover photo-realistic textures from heavily downsampled images on public benchmarks. "
1	"an important goal is to provide excellent support for non-java based developers to be productive using spring hadoop  "
1	"ignite community plans to implement sql transactions in version 2.2. "
1	"* reliable asynchronous event notifications and guaranteed message delivery "
1	"the paho project has been created to provide reliable open-source implementations of open and standard messaging protocols aimed at new, existing, and emerging applications for machine-to-machine (m2m) and internet of things (iot). "
1	"results of benchmarks on mujoco (1m timesteps) and atari (10m timesteps) are available  "
1	"You don\'t have to be a machine learning expert to add recommendations, object detection, image classification, image similarity or activity classification to your app. "
1	"for experts, start with a completely fresh (really, i mean it) ubuntu 18.04 lts 64-bit machine. "
1	"they must also be aware of approaches and practices recommended by experienced industry experts to ensure every use of ai brings overall benefit to mankind. "
1	"*useful cli-based tools for productivity. "
1	"sentence level vector is used to measure importance among sentences. "
1	"b'pulsar is a highly scalable and reliable event-driven data pipeline for real-time analytics. "
1	"participants of the competition can use the provided matlab script to measure the accuracy of their detections before submitting their results. "
1	"* mycat behind a strong technical team whose participants are experienced more than five years including some senior software engineer, architect, dba, etc. "
1	"mindsdb\'s goal is to give developers easy access to the power of artificial neural networks for their projects.[! "
1	"set up a database to benchmark. "
1	"it should take only **one example** to demonstrate the power and flexibility of the windowgram.\r "
1	"justifications based on technical efficiency and planning [   industrial   worth] "
1	"another category of justifications includes arguments where evaluations depend on technical efficiency and professionalism, planning, and longterm investment in infrastructure. "
1	"this category relates to the industrial order of worth in the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme, but industrial here is not limited to the industrial economic sector. "
1	"while technical competency and planning arguments are sometimes connected as such to economic outcomes, the bases for evaluation in this category are different from market criteria. "
1	"technical competency justifications place value based on the efficiency of investments, professional planning and expertise, and long-term growth. "
1	"the form of proof for planning justifications is long-term investment and technical or scientific competency.  "
1	"they envision nature as a scarce economic resource with multiple potential uses energy, recreation, income for the county which must be used efficiently. "
1	"also, both sides utilize a form of proof which is congruent with technical competency justifications the use of scientific expertise and evidence to validate opposite arguments, for example on the question of whether the dam will hurt or help the clavey fish populations. "
1	"the project is defended because of the necessity of providing roads, tunnels, and other infrastructure in order for there to be economic growth in the future. this sort of industrial planning argument is extremely influential as an argument for the tunnel project in france, and reflects the well-documented embrace of an engineering mentality or technocratic approach by the french state. "
1	"this strong compromise of technical industrial justifications closely connects technocratic planning by the state with the general interest, and this approach is perpetuated through the training of elites in engineering schools for high positions in the state.. "
1	"they are both based on the same type of test the long-term efficiency of the project with the same criteria of proof and instruments of evidence (technical evidence from modeling and statistical analysis). "
1	"for example, hydropower projects in france were were judged based on their efficiency as long-term investments. in the industrial city, for example, the common superior principle is efficiency. "
1	"it can be said: \'in terms of efficiency, x is equivalent to y\'. "
1	"similarly, using this same convention, it can be said that \'z is superior or inferior to x\'. "
1	"thus, identification of the common superior principle in a city leads us straight to the <condition of great man>, the great man being the one who embodies the city\'s values, as well as to the <condition of little person>, defined by the absence of such values. "
1	"thus, someone situated in an \'industrial\' world will readily refer    to \'instruments\', \'methods\', \'measures\' or \'procedures\', invoke \'engineers\' and \'specialists\', and list \'controlling\' or \'organizing\' as among the actions worth performing. "
1	"the lndustrial world "
1	"the industrial principle of equivalence was distilled from the work of saint simon, founder of french sociology. "
1	"in this world, worth is based on efficiency. "
1	"lt can be measured on a scale of professional capabilities. "
1	"connected to the production of material goods, industrial worth is upheld by way of organizational devices directed towards future planning and investment. "
1	"to describe the objects of the industrial world we used a productivity guide, productivite et conditions de travail. "
1	"in an industrial world the great persons are the experts. "
1	"the words used to describe their personal qualities can also be used to qualify things. "
1	"they are said to be worthy when they are efficient, productive, operational. "
1	"they implement tools, methods, criteria, plans, figures, graphs, etc. "
1	"their relationships can be said to be harmonious when organized, measurable, functional, standardized. the industrial world is the one in which technological objects and scientific methods have their place. "
1	"the terminology adopted must thus not lead to the assumption that this world is fully inscribed within the limits of industry. "
1	"conversely, the workings of an industrial enterprise cannot be understood on the basis of resources stemming from this world alone, even if the aim of efficient production based on functional investments finds its justification in the industrial order. "
1	"if, as we shall see, a canonical judgment as to the quality of a scientific phenomenon allows us to illustrate the reality test of the industrial world, the fact remains that the development and diffusion of a discovery cannot be justified simply by the test examined here; these phenomena exceed the framework of the industrial world by a wide margin. "
1	"works on the history or the sociology of science and technology bring out the heterogeneity of the resources and actions involved in the processes of innovation, and they are even joined today, on this point, by economic approaches to technological change. "
1	"certain actions are inscribed in an industrial test where the intent is to establish scientific proof. "
1	"others are implicated in the peak moment when a singular phenomenon emerges, an innovation announcing a break with tradition according to an inspired justification. "
1	"still others rely on the worth of fame, a worth that implies a concentration of credit in terms of public opinion based on distinctive signs and marks; others depend on the venerability of domestic bonds guaranteeing a solid reputation or on the establishment of market value in an immediate response to clients\' desires. "
1	"just as the recognition of the market order is obscured by a misunderstanding of the conventions that accompany the affirmation of an individual, the understanding of the industrial order is blocked by a treatment of technological objects that locks them into an instrumental relation to nature and fails to examine the conventions supporting agreement about the scientific phenomenon in question. "
1	"the observation of the conditions under which industrial objects are put to work shows that they lend themselves to the same type of test as the one already identified in the other universes. "
1	"testing these beings and establishing their objectivity presupposes a detour through a collective form, a higher common principle that governs the way they are judged. "
1	"by highlighting this industrial test, we are distancing ourselves both from an approach in which science and technology are openings onto an external world, and from a radical relativism that construes facts as arbitrary beliefs attached to communities. "
1	"the ordering of the industrial world is based on the efficiency of beings, their performance, their productivity, and their capacity to ensure normal operations and to respond usefully to needs. "
1	"this functionality is expressed in an organization, and it implies both a synchronic articulation with other beings and a temporal articulation. "
1	"efficiency is in fact inscribed in a regular bond between cause and effect. "
1	"the proper functioning of beings extends the present into a future, opening up the possibility of prediction. "
1	"the industrial form of coordination thus supports an equivalence between present situations and situations to come, and constitutes a temporality. "
1	"tomorrow is what counts: the "machines of tomorrow," the "worker of tomorrow," "the organization of tomorrow." "
1	"the quality of worthy beings, beings that are functional, operational, or (when humans are involved) professional, thus expresses their capacity to integrate themselves into the machinery,     , along with their predictability, their reliability, and it guarantees realistic projects in the future.\npeople are in a state of unworthiness when they produce nothing useful, when they are unproductive, when they fail to do much work, owing to absenteeism or turnover, or because they are inactive, unemployed, handicapped, or when they turn out work of poor quality- because they are inefficient, unmotivated, unqualified, unsuited to the job. things are unworthy when they are subjective. "
1	"beings are also unworthy when, instead of being open to the future, they cling to the mold of the past, by failing to evolve, by remaining static, rigid, ill-adapted.\n (especially waste of "human capabilities" resulting from "unqualified work that ... does not correspond to the real capabilities"), spoilage, rejects, pollution, deterioration, these are all negative signs of worth; they manifest weak control, the poor functioning of a disturbed system ("the quality of the raw material is uneven and disrupts production"), and they originate in random events, incidents, and risks. "
1	"the questioning of the industrial order is expressed in a nonoptimal situation, as when one "observes that the programming of production is not optimizing the costs." "
1	"this contentious situation is a malfunctioning, a problem, a breakdown, an accident: "the reduction of rejects, accidents, and nonproductive time often makes it possible to reduce physical costs and wastes of human energy" at the same time. "
1	"the dignity of persons, the aspect of human nature on which the industrial order is based, lies in the human potential for activity. "
1	"this capacity is expressed in work that is the implementation of the energy of men of action. "
1	""to invest in human capabilities and energies is to use the best means for economic efficiency." "
1	"consequently, the failure to use the available human potential is a serious breach of human dignity. "
1	"in the industrial world, people have a professional qualification (the term professional is used, moreover, as a substantive to designate them) related to their capability and their activity. "
1	"this scale of qualification underlies a hierarchy of states of worth, a hierarchy marked by competencies and responsibilities (management, leaders, decision makers, supervisors, technicians, operators, and so on). in work relations and systems of remuneration, the formal qualities that express industrial worth are opposed both to a market evaluation that would result immediately from a service provided and to a domestic judgment that would evaluate a person\'s authority. "
1	"the objects in the industrial world are instruments, means, mobilized for an action that is presented as a task of production. "
1	"this instrumental construction of action, implying a spatial and temporal detour by way of objects that serve as relays, is thus envisaged here as a specific feature of the industrial world and not as a property that would be of a higher order of generality characterizing the actions of human beings endowed with reason. "
1	"production activities are not organized in the same world as the actions of a market nature analyzed earlier, contrary to what is implied by the reduction of the productive function brought about in the economic theory of general equilibrium. "
1	"production is carried out in a deployment of objects of an industrial nature that is extended from tools to procedures. "
1	"the manufacturing of products brings into play raw materials plus energy, machines, and methods: "a whole panoply of tools, organizations, methods and methodologies must be available so that at every moment the best available equipment can be used and then set aside as soon as it is no longer appropriate." "
1	"the human body is the primary tool that works through effort, and objects of an industrial nature are merely instruments that extend the efficiency of the body\'s work. "
1	"the economic theory of capital converges with the sociology of science and technology when it uses military metaphors to describe "enlisting ... potent forces as our allies in the task of production." "
1	"the coherent assembly of these objects sustains a causality inscribed within a temporality: once the arrangement is in place, only a modest gesture is required to unleash a series of significant effects. "
1	"objects of an industrial nature contribute to shaping a space in which effects are transported by means of mechanisms. "
1	"space is organized in such a way that distant zones, or zones unrelated to the action, according to a domestic topography, are treated as an environment as soon as functional links have been established. "
1	"the various actions are integrated into a single homogeneous plan which is governed by axes, guidelines, dimensions, degrees, and levels. "
1	"objects are related to one another within this space with the help of lists and inventories dealt with by lot. "
1	"measurable space can be projected on a piece of paper where part of the test is played out, thanks to the construction of grids, states, graphs, charts, flow charts, frameworks, accounts, indicators. "
1	"the spatial articulation of objects presupposes a capacity to define that is equipped with a measuring instrument. "
1	"the measuring instruments used are actually machines that are incorporated into the workspace. "
1	"they standardize by using definitions and investigations to produce objects in due form whose functions can be grasped by criteria or characteristics. "
1	"even human bodies can be caught up in these measures and inscribed in the ergonomics of the task to be carried out: "ergonomics can help us determine the physical cost of a workstation and express it in kilocalories per day .... "
1	"the stations have been modified (height, position, seats) as a function of the average measurements of segments of the personnel." "
1	"function is a notion that must be understood in a spatial articulation and a temporal liaison, as mechanical devices illustrate. "
1	"the temporal equivalence instituted by industrial worth is particularly visible in objects apprehended according to their aptitude for managing the future, such as flow charts, plans, and budgets: "by making adjustments to the planning calendar, we are integrating the project into the plan, the working and investment budgets." "
1	"the tools for measuring time take advantage of the regularity with which industrial objects function and endow the industrial world with a representation of time that is not unlike the topography of this world, in which one can be transported without friction, can move ahead or make a retrospective return to the past. "
1	"calendars and timetables make it possible to establish states of periodic advancement, to trace stages, phases, deadlines. "
1	"this shaping of time models in return the reference points for action constituted by goals and missions. "
1	"the analysis of the objects of the industrial world makes it possible to understand the possibility of calculations, by reversing the perspective adopted when one reduces calculations to the exercise of a mental faculty belonging to beings endowed with reason. "
1	"the instruments for defining and measuring constitute the situation of action as a problem leading to the formulation of hypotheses and calling for a solution. "
1	"the articulation of elements or segments obtained by the decomposition of the complexity of the universe can be accomplished by mathematical operations, since the calculations are based on quantified variables: "the inventory of problems and their alternative solutions is subjected to the method of economic evaluation that makes it possible to quantify the various hypotheses for improvement." "
1	"progress is the investment formula in the industrial world. "
1	"it is associated with the operation of investment (in the classical sense of the term) that weighs the "price of efforts," "heavy in time and in money," and the "middle term profitability" that they ensure: "the investments will open the way to new development." "
1	"industrial worth requires this dynamic in order to avoid obsolescence, the "future obsolescence of the existing organization." "
1	"the temporal orientation is constructed on the basis of the future (as is seen in investment decisions or in arguments for optimization by "backward induction"), unlike the temporal orientation that prevails in the domestic order, an orientation generated by the past. "
1	"let us note that the calculation of the profitability of an investment, as soon as it takes an interest rate into account, integrates the constraints of a financial market that is not inscribed in the industrial order. "
1	"it is in a relation of control that the state of worthiness encompasses the state of unworthiness. "
1	"the word responsibility may be ambiguous here, because it also serves to designate the relation of domestic worth. "
1	"however, the industrial responsibility of the worthy person does not imply that he has power over a less worthy person who owes him respect in return. "
1	"the control one exercises depends only on the possibility of predicting less complex actions by integrating them into a larger overall plan. "
1	"a more worthy person is in relation with a less worthy person primarily through the "responsibility he assumes" for production, by the control he has over the future: "to determine the future accurately in order to control it is an indispensable task of factory management." "
1	"natural relations are those required by the regular functioning of beings of an industrial nature. "
1	"they are thus dependent on the qualities of the objects already identified. in the first place, they put to work production factors organized in structures or systems made up of adjusted mechanisms, adapted machinery, and interactions. "
1	"the functional connections are established in the mode of the necessary, the required. "
1	"these inexorable, indispensable requirements take the form of constraints that condition action and must therefore be taken into account; one must take responsibility for them. "
1	"persons themselves are integrated as a function of the more or less complex competencies they exercise: "each hierarchical level takes upon itself what cannot be delegated to a lower level; in exchange, it has access to efficient tools for control." "
1	"the functional relations of the industrial world share in a temporal stability that is favorable to forecasting: "the production unit appears on the whole as a rather well stabilized universe that is very well controlled." "
1	"the organization of the beings installed in an industrial arrangement goes hand in hand with an organization of its functioning, with stabilization procedures that, in production, work primarily through stocking operations. "
1	"the implantation of an industrial arrangement presupposes adjustments in the environment, adaptations, redefinitions: "the overall program is adapted to each particular terrain and all its phases are redefined as a function of the characteristics proper to this terrain, while the overall framework is maintained." "
1	"industrial action requires a correct vision of this space in which the problem is inscribed, so as to detect, discover, identify, bring to light, measure, analyze, and decompose the relevant elements. "
1	"similarly, the results of the action taken are apprehended through their traces on this space. "
1	"from space to class, the code breaks a path. "
1	"the operations of standardization and formalization make it possible to see the world through data expressed in numbers, quantified, ready to be processed, combined, added up. "
1	"the description of the constitutive elements of the time and space proper to the industrial world makes it quite clear that the operation of optimization is possible only in an environment of beings of an industrial nature. "
1	"rational optimization is not situated in continuity with the immediate satisfaction of a desire, in the extension of a market coordination. "
1	"in fact, the temporal extension of the criterion of optimization in economic theory, which passes through an optimization of expectation of the anticipated utility, confronts difficulties that result from the introduction of irreversibilities inherent in the investment decision. the harmony of the industrial order is expressed in the organization of a system, a structure in which each being has its function, in short, a "technically predictable universe": "no blatant contingent malfunctions are visible; all the cogwheels of the organization work together without a hitch." "
1	"however, the equilibrium is not static (which would lead to a rapidly outdated state) but dynamic; the equilibrium is one of growth, expansion. "
1	"the testing of this organization presupposes verifying that things function as predicted, that the solution to the problem is realistic. "
1	"once the decision is made, the arrangement set up, the project launched, the mechanism started, its proper operation can be judged by an evaluation of its performance on the basis of the effects produced. "
1	"it remains to be seen whether the arrangement functions correctly, whether everything is in working order, whether "it\'s going well." "
1	"this functioning may lead to a reordering of the hierarchy of functions: "the qualification of the tasks evolves in the opposite direction from the hierarchy of the original functions. "
1	"the preparation is gradually disqualified owing to automatization." "
1	"the test is also an opportunity to reveal new objects. "
1	"the measuring devices mentioned earlier contribute to the process of revelation by achieving spatial and temporal equivalencies, by carrying out operations in series. "
1	"they make it possible to establish laws on the basis of frequencies, and to reduce the role of chance by exhibiting probable relations on the basis of averages. "
1	"proof is grounded in a temporal regularity, the methodic repetition of measurement. "
1	"new causes, new factors capable of giving rise to effects, are thus identifiable during tests.\nin the industrial world, the distinctive dignity of humanity is threatened by the treatment of people as things. "
1	"the worth of the objects and arrangements created can be confused with this dignity to the point of blurring the boundary of humanity. "
1	"deprived of tests, protected from the risk of contingencies that can call the order of competencies into question and allow new objects to emerge, industrial worth can become frozen in the monumental order that is regularly depicted in critiques of technology.\n\nefficiency (higher common principle)\nperforr,umce, future efficient\nreliable,\nnot\noptimal, inactive,\nunsuited, breakdown (in a state of),\nunreliable.\nwork (digni1y}\nenergy.\nprofessionals\n(subjects) expert,\nspecialist, person in charge, operator.\nmeans (objects) tool, resource, method,\ntask, space,\nenvironment, axis,\ndirection, dimension,\ncriterion, definition,\nlist, graph, chart,\ncalendar, plan, goal,\nquantity, variable,\nseries, average,\nprobability, standard,\nfactor, cause\nprogress\n(invfsiment)\ninvestment, dynamic.\ncontrol \nfunction\n(relationships) put to work, machinery (liaison of), function (to be a function of),\ncogwheels, interact,\nneed (to),\ncondition(to),\nnecessary (relation),\nintegrate, organize,\ncontrol, stabilize,\norder, anticipate,\nimplant, adapt,\ndetect, analyze,\naccount (take into),\ndetermine, light\n(bring to), measure,\nformalize,\nstandardize,\noptimize, solve,\nprocess.\norganization\n(figures) system.\ntrial (test)\nlaunching, setting up,\nputting to work,\nachievement.\neffective (judgment)\ncorrect, in working order, functioning.\nmeasure (evidence)\ninstrumental action (the fall) treating people as things.\n' "
0	"if you have any questions or comments about voltdb, we encourage you to reach out to the voltdb team and community."
0	"\nthe civic world\nthe distinctive feature of the civic world is that it attaches primordial importance to beings that are not persons."
0	"Chrome has the largest share of global usage and is the preferred target platform for the majority of developers."
0	"next, in order to sustain their existence, collective persons must assert their presence and acquire headquarters, endowing themselves with a material existence that renders them concrete; they must manifest themselves in objects."
0	"this is what confers on them the quality of citizens invested with civil rights: "the salaried employees of the company are presumed to enjoy their civil rights"."
0	"in order to make "concrete ... the presence and the active role" of collective persons, material means are used that allow their presence to be brought out in a form accessible to the senses."
0	"- We\xe2\x80\x99d like to make it easy for anyone to use the ERPNext name or logo for community-oriented efforts that help spread and improve ERPNext."
0	"in this state, where they are worthy because they have achieved solidarity, individuals are members, militants, representatives, elected officers, collectors, treasurers, secretaries, delegates."
0	"in the civic world, one attains worth by sacrifying particular and immediate interests, by transcending oneself, by refusing to place "individual interests ahead of collective interests"."
0	"in this state, where they are worthy because they have achieved solidarity, individuals are members, militants, representatives, elected officers, collectors, treasurers, secretaries, delegates."
0	"the way the labor force is organized in the field of work is regulated by social laws which are themselves the outcome of the nineteenth-century effort to implement a civic principle of equivalence."
0	"additionally, you can modify sam to integrate it with other frameworks and deployment providers from the community for building serverless applications."
0	"the debate over the clavey in the turlock area, the valley agricultural region where the power from the dam would be used, provides additional insight into how solidarity is conceived in terms of opinion in the united states. for example, the opposition groups compiled lists of groups opposed to tid and tried to make the list as diverse and as public as possible."
0	"* [extensive documentation][docs], and [great community support][group]."
0	"in order to make "concrete ... the presence and the active role" of collective persons, material means are used that allow their presence to be brought out in a form accessible to the senses."
0	"the pmc will lean towards developer community support, to help discovery and initial steps towards incubation in the external repository."
0	"* come join the aws java community chat on [gitter][gitter]"
0	"working in community, we can soon have a cli client as complete as the web one!"
0	"democracy is the most appropriate political form for the manifestation of the general will that constitutes the model test for the civic world."
0	"be sure that you understand and are complying with the csploit licenses and laws in your area."
0	"the debezium community welcomes anyone that wants to help out in any way, whether that includes reporting problems, helping with documentation, or contributing code changes to fix bugs, add tests, or implement new features."
0	"the claim that a collective person endowed with a "civil status" has its own personality, is indeed a person, is a reasonable one in the civic world."
0	"relation of delegation (rei.at/on of worth)\nmembership, representation, delegation, oppression (of aspirations)."
0	"both sides at different times collected thousands of names on petitions and submitted them to either the local board of supervisors or the national ferc officials."
0	"their qualities are to be official or statutory."
0	"the aspiration to civil rights (dignity} civil rights, political aspirations, participation."
0	"if the chapter has a tendency toward apathy, they can arouse it, spur debates, and so on."
0	"to resist the tendency that attracts them toward the particular, moral beings in the civic world have to be stabilized by means of equipment."
0	"# developer community\r"
0	"some of these planned features are easier than others to implement, but i understand how much the programming community wants these, so i will try my best."
0	"working in community, we can soon have a cli client as complete as the web one!"
0	"gathering for collective action (relationships)\nunify, mobilize, assemble, join, support, appeal, debate (democratically), speak out\n\n(take the floor), inform, codify, legalize, authorize, refer (to a court)."
0	"in jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors\r"
0	"its reality is clear when it is embodied in texts that can be invoked and in legal rules that can be applied: "the new delegates ... will find useful information here on the legal rules that are applicable in such circumstances"."
0	"in order to make itself visible, the chapter, like any other collective person, must have at its disposal the "equipment needed to produce a tract, a typewriter and a copy machine," and it must acquire "useful and indispensable tools in order to express and defend the workers\' interests," such as "highly visible" posters, informative signboards, newsletters, and brochures."
0	"the peculiarity of the civic world is to lay stress on beings who are not individual beings but collective ones."
0	"in fact, the civil servants of the ministry of public works, charged with planning and building infrastructure projects, denounced local opponents of the somport project as trying to protect their own piece of land and remaining stuck in the past, while resisting progress and denying the benefits of the project to all others."
0	"they have the capacity to represent the others\' interests, that is, to transform the interests of each into a collective interest: "the feeling of dissatisfaction is spontaneous-the sense that something is wrong."
0	"the proponents of the dam, however, also lay claim to this silent support of the locals."
0	"the form taken by evidence is the law in which the expression of the general will is inscribed."
0	"the law, for example, confers a "legal character on the representatives of the personnel"."
0	"the civic world, which can develop only in the context of a state, finds its most perfected form in republics and in democracies, which ensure the representation of citizens united in electoral bodies (electorate, electoral college, representative institutions, parliamentary democracy)."
0	"but people\'s attachment to their own particular interests, their selfishness and their individualism, are such strong tendencies that the creation and maintenance of collectives requires a tireless struggle: "a chapter cannot be created from one day to the next."
0	"probably no work presents a better account of what a civic world, at least in its french version, must be, than rousseau's contrat social."
0	"the representative is qualified to "accomplish the mission" that is its vocation, its calling."
0	"its reality is clear when it is embodied in texts that can be invoked and in legal rules that can be applied: "the new delegates ... will find useful information here on the legal rules that are applicable in such circumstances"."
0	"they are finally isolated and cut off from the base, and this absence of grounding in the general will gives them an arbitrary character contrary to the rule (irregularity) that leads them toward a fall and annulment (qualities that characterize the greatest deficiency imaginable in the civic world): "salaried workers who have been removed from their union functions"; "irregularities that may lead to the annulment of the elections". '"
0	"please continue opening issues and providing feedback for community"
0	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way."
0	"this makes it easy for our developers or someone from the open-source community to start working!"
0	"if you want to find other (community provided) storages: `pip search docker-registry-driver`"
0	"before using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted."
0	"the collective will from which they derive-and the more general it is, the more worthy it is- must be provided with its own instruments in order to express itself."
0	"the form taken by evidence is the law in which the expression of the general will is inscribed."
0	"github didn\'t want to maintain the app anymore, so it\'s been released to the community and maintained as a public project."
0	"legal forms (objects), rights, legislation, decree, order, measure, courts, formality, procedure, transcript, infringement, capacity (electoral), code, criterion, district, slate (of candidates), program, policy, statement, poster, brochure, ballot, tract, slogan, seat, headquarters, local office, acronym, card."
0	"thus "only labor unions ... are qualified to negotiate with management"."
0	"before using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning"
0	"the "labor movement," which ensures "the unity of workers," can thus be qualified by its "liberating mission"."
0	"    -   tcsh - community supported"
0	"to make itself heard, it requires "seats to be filled," polling places, voting booths, ballots," "measures allowing an electoral campaign to take place normally"- slates of candidates, for example."
0	"Thanks to our great community, we\'ve finally re-added conda support."
0	"trustworthy relationships are those which involve or mobilize people for a collective action."
0	"the form taken by evidence is the law in which the expression of the general will is inscribed."
0	"but rousseau's sovereign is disembodied."
0	"but the chapter, like the other collective persons of the civic world (offices, committees, federations, confederations, parties, commissions), and like the moral beings that represent the collective interest (elected officials, representatives, delegates) can lose its worth if, backsliding into the particular in the wake of a deviation, it ceases to "function democratically": the union chapter is not exempt from deviations, and it is appropriate to "control the delegates," to remain vigilant."
0	"a relation of equivalence can be established among beings insofar as they all belong to a collective that includes and transcends them."
0	"in order to exist, they must express themselves (the right for the union organization to act and express itself directly") in declarations, yet they cannot take the floor except by borrowing the voice of a representative or of a responsible official who tends, as a private individual, to monopolize the interventions that belong to all."
0	"persons must be continually on the alert to avoid splintering and to preserve a collective character."
0	"if their material existence is to appear in a striking fashion, collective persons must also be circumscribed in space by boundaries, which assign them a sector or district ("electoral district")."
0	"having headquarters indeed constitutes one of the main devices a collective person can use to objectify its existence (see boltanski 1987, 144)."
0	"representatives and delegates are more worthy because their mission is to translate and express the aspirations of the masses."
0	"people's actions are relevant when, as participants in a social movement, they take part in a collective action that gives meaning and justification to their own individual behavior: this "action is not a simple accumulation of positions or individual initiatives but collective action"."
0	"github didn\'t want to maintain the app anymore, so it\'s been released to the community and maintained as a public project."
0	"the peak moments in this world are thus moments of unity, meeting, and membership ("call a meeting of the membership") in which the reality of the collective person is confirmed by the physical presence of its members: demonstrations, movements, assemblies, councils, sessions, congresses."
0	"- remember that this is a community project, people are contributing in their free time because they like doing so: don\'t take the fun away!"
0	"the overwhelming support by the community gave it the shape it is in right now."
0	"use caffeine in a community provided integration:"
0	"# developer community\r"
0	"one may seek to prevent the dissolution of collective persons by codifying them, by subjecting them to a legal obligation, by consecrating them with reference to a legal framework."
0	"this detachment is what guarantees the candidates\' independence and \'\'freedom of speech": one must "respect ... the independence of judgment that is necessary in such circumstances"; and a "lack of independence with respect to management suffices in itself for a labor union to be declared nonrepresentative" freedom is the condition of dignity, because it respects the aspiration of citizens to unity."
0	"its worth depends on its capacity to bring its members to the general state by mobilizing them around a common interest: "the chapter has to seize the moment when the workers become aware of their exploitation and of the need to fight, in order to transform them into members, into militants"."
0	"the capacity for collective action is manifested by recruiting, extending, implanting, or spurring initiatives: "it may be a matter of an initiative on the part of some workers who, although in the minority, contemplate initiating an action"."
0	"it is thus necessary to "control the elected officials"."
0	"people's actions are relevant when, as participants in a social movement, they take part in a collective action that gives meaning and justification to their own individual behavior: this "action is not a simple accumulation of positions or individual initiatives but collective action"."
0	"a community group was created, they created camerakit, don\'t hesitate to try it !"
0	"division (the fall)\ndivided, minority (in the), particular, isolated, cut off (from the electoral base),\nindividualism (self serving), deviation,\nsubgroup, irregular, arbitrary, annulled, removed."
0	"it is a community repository for active users."
0	"civic worth depends first and foremost on membership."
0	"The overwhelming support by the community gave it the shape it is in right now."
0	"the legal text (evidence) law (the), rules (legal), statutes."
0	"we welcome contributions from our community of all"
0	"i believe the community are smart enough to finish the rest of the owl."
0	"demonstration for a just cause (test)\nassembly, congress, council, meeting, session, movement, presence (manifest the presence of), dispute, recourse, justice\n(demand)."
0	"this detachment is what guarantees the candidates\' independence and \'\'freedom of speech": one must "respect ... the independence of judgment that is necessary in such circumstances"; and a "lack of independence with respect to management suffices in itself for a labor union to be declared nonrepresentative" freedom is the condition of dignity, because it respects the aspiration of citizens to unity."
0	"a relation of equivalence can be established among beings insofar as they all belong to a collective that includes and transcends them."
0	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way."
0	"this makes it easy for our developers or someone from the open-source community to start working!"
0	"\nthe civic world\nthe distinctive feature of the civic world is that it attaches primordial importance to beings that are not persons."
0	"in the civic world, the worthy beings are the masses and the collectives that assemble and organize them."
0	"this activity is liberating because it frees people from the oppression of selfish interests."
0	"furthermore, their vocation has to be specified by a definition that spells out the organization\'s goals and thereby endows it with legal existence ("the law itself gives no definition of ... ")."
0	"it confers on them a right of presence and a right to vote, prerogatives that are attested by cards, contributions, and receipts: "the receipt for contributions on which the collector records the sums received"."
0	"having headquarters indeed constitutes one of the main devices a collective person can use to objectify its existence (see boltanski 1987, 144)."
0	"the verdict of the vote (judgmfnt) voting, election, consultation, mobilization, cause\n(support a) awareness (achieving)."
0	"you can always contact us via github@applikey.biz we are open for any inquiries regarding our libraries and controls, new open-source projects and other ways of contributing to the community."
0	"that is why the union chapter has to play its full role under the circumstances, by proposing initiatives."
0	"configuration management, service discovery, circuit breakers, intelligent routing, micro-proxy, control bus, one-time tokens, global locks, leadership election, distributed sessions, cluster state)"
0	"furthermore, their vocation has to be specified by a definition that spells out the organization\'s goals and thereby endows it with legal existence ("the law itself gives no definition of ... ")."
0	"they are finally isolated and cut off from the base, and this absence of grounding in the general will gives them an arbitrary character contrary to the rule (irregularity) that leads them toward a fall and annulment (qualities that characterize the greatest deficiency imaginable in the civic world): "salaried workers who have been removed from their union functions"; "irregularities that may lead to the annulment of the elections". '"
0	"whereas in france, the civic reference to the general interest or solidarity is not indexed on the number of supporters or some measure of public opinion (see the next chapter for further exploration of this also)."
0	"in the civic world, persons are small if seen as particulars, following the dictates of a selfish will, and, in contrast, relevant and worthy if seen as members of the disembodied sovereign, exclusively concerned with the general interest."
0	"* [community guidelines](code_of_conduct.md)"
0	"we would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our community members for their effort and dedication to jersey for these many years."
0	"the form taken by evidence is the law in which the expression of the general will is inscribed."
0	"the members are truly at the base of the union chapter"."
0	"they harbor in themselves an aspiration that inclines them toward what is common, toward what unites them and incites them to break down their isolation."
0	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r'"
0	"relation of delegation (rei.at/on of worth)\nmembership, representation, delegation, oppression (of aspirations)."
0	"the aspiration to civil rights (dignity} civil rights, political aspirations, participation."
0	"whereas in france, the civic reference to the general interest or solidarity is not indexed on the number of supporters or some measure of public opinion (see the next chapter for further exploration of this also)."
0	"the opposition to the somport project also organized many demonstrations and used the high level of participation in their demonstrations and their unitary slogans as proof for their arguments against the project."
0	"the opposition to the somport project also organized many demonstrations and used the high level of participation in their demonstrations and their unitary slogans as proof for their arguments against the project."
0	"it belongs to texts when they are regulatory or legislative, to representatives when they are official, to members when they are confirmed as such, to delegates when they are valid: "the validity of the delegate\'s nomination" must be "subordinated to the preexisting constitution of the chapter"."
0	"in contrast, it is more common in france for equality and solidarity justifications to be connected with justifications concerning infrastructure planning and technical efficiency."
0	"when the obligation is not respected, subjection to a legal framework ultimately authorizes the collective person to "take any needed steps," to take appropriate recourse ("appeal to the judge"), or to exclude the offender, which precipitates him back into a state of unworthiness."
0	"- We\xe2\x80\x99d like to make it easy for anyone to use the ERPNext name or logo for community-oriented efforts that help spread and improve ERPNext."
0	"the building of this instrument demands constant struggle against the bosses, who are hostile toward its existence, and at times struggle against oneself"."
0	"the verdict of the vote (judgmfnt) voting, election, consultation, mobilization, cause\n(support a) awareness (achieving)."
0	"it confers on them a right of presence and a right to vote, prerogatives that are attested by cards, contributions, and receipts: "the receipt for contributions on which the collector records the sums received"."
0	"the claim that a collective person endowed with a "civil status" has its own personality, is indeed a person, is a reasonable one in the civic world."
0	"working in community, we can soon have a cli client as complete as the web one!"
0	"there are comparative differences also, relating generally to the fact that in the united states the emphasis is more on equal rights, while in france the emphasis is on solidarity against inequality (but not as much on civil rights)."
0	"voltdb offers the fully open source, agpl3-licensed community edition of voltdb through github here: "
0	"to create a collective, it is necessary to assemble, regroup, reunite, unify."
0	"the aspiration to civil rights (dignity} civil rights, political aspirations, participation."
0	"the aspiration to civil rights (dignity} civil rights, political aspirations, participation."
0	"in the civic world, a sovereign is formed by the convergence of human wills, as citizens give up their particular interests and direct themselves exclusively towards the common good."
0	"kivy is mit licensed, actively developed by a great community and is supported"
0	"        unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software"
0	"- We\xe2\x80\x99d like to make it easy for anyone to use the ERPNext name or logo for community-oriented efforts that help spread and improve ERPNext."
0	"if their material existence is to appear in a striking fashion, collective persons must also be circumscribed in space by boundaries, which assign them a sector or district ("electoral district")."
0	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way."
0	"in the civic world, one attains worth by sacrifying particular and immediate interests, by transcending oneself, by refusing to place "individual interests ahead of collective interests"."
0	"kivy is mit licensed, actively developed by a great community and is supported"
0	"in view of the issues with the swagger codegen 3.0.0 (beta) release and the disagreement on the project\'s direction, more than 40 top contributors and template creators of swagger codegen decided to fork swagger codegen and maintain a community-driven version called "openapi generator"."
0	"* [extensive documentation][docs], and [great community support][group]."
0	"we intend the issues page to be a forum in which the community collectively troubleshoots problems."
0	"civic worth depends first and foremost on membership."
0	"the renunciation of the particular\n(investment)\nsolidarity, transcending (divisions), renunciation (of immediate interest), struggle (for a cause)."
0	"whatever dilutes, splinters, or restrains is unworthy: "what would the chapter be if it were limited to a restricted number of members?""
0	"the relevant objects are either immaterial as, for example, rules, codes, procedures, or material, as union premises or ballot boxes."
0	"but this world, always inclined to lapse into the particular, requires conscious and active mobilization if it is to hold together."
0	"demonstration for a just cause (test)\nassembly, congress, council, meeting, session, movement, presence (manifest the presence of), dispute, recourse, justice\n(demand)."
0	"the building of this instrument demands constant struggle against the bosses, who are hostile toward its existence, and at times struggle against oneself"."
0	"legal forms (objects), rights, legislation, decree, order, measure, courts, formality, procedure, transcript, infringement, capacity (electoral), code, criterion, district, slate (of candidates), program, policy, statement, poster, brochure, ballot, tract, slogan, seat, headquarters, local office, acronym, card."
0	"please continue opening issues and providing feedback for community"
0	"* [extensive documentation][docs], and [great community support][group]."
0	"this name shows the connection often made in the united states between civic equality concerns and market concerns, which were seen as more effective and generally resonant than strictly environmental arguments (or environmental-sounding group names)."
0	"representatives and delegates are more worthy because their mission is to translate and express the aspirations of the masses."
0	"the local grassroots opposition coalition in tuolumne county often emphasizes their representation of a diverse array of local people (not just the rafting interests or the environmentalists), and the silent solidarity of many more uninvolved but concerned local citizens."
0	"    -   Windows - community supported"
0	"we would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our community members for their effort and dedication to jersey for these many years."
0	"gathering for collective action (relationships)\nunify, mobilize, assemble, join, support, appeal, debate (democratically), speak out\n\n(take the floor), inform, codify, legalize, authorize, refer (to a court)."
0	"the civic world, which can develop only in the context of a state, finds its most perfected form in republics and in democracies, which ensure the representation of citizens united in electoral bodies (electorate, electoral college, representative institutions, parliamentary democracy)."
0	"user can create their own packs,  share them on github, or submit to stackstorm community repo."
0	"various forms of these civic justifications are found in both cases, and equality or solidarity is often the guiding logic underlying the modes of engagement or organization."
0	"this is what confers on them the quality of citizens invested with civil rights: "the salaried employees of the company are presumed to enjoy their civil rights"."
0	"our aim is for the number of tasks and agents that train on them to grow in a community-based way."
0	"voltdb offers the fully open source, agpl3-licensed community edition of voltdb through github here: "
0	"the worth of persons depends on the state they are in: as particular persons, they are unworthy because they are reduced to being merely themselves, "isolated individuals," slaves of their own particular interests and condemned to powerlessness; they become worthy when they accede to the general state and make themselves the expression of a general will and the embodiment of a general interest."
0	"they dissolve into subgroups, or, worse, into self-serving individualism: "democracy cannot be improvised in this world shaped by individualism"."
0	"as a community, we no longer hand-engineer our mapping functions, and this work suggests we can achieve reasonable results without hand-engineering our loss functions either."
0	"in the civic world, finally, in order to be legitimate, the relation of worth must be exercised within legal forms that define and limit representation according to the domain (political parties, unions, and so on), and according to time (the length of the mandate)."
0	"but people\'s attachment to their own particular interests, their selfishness and their individualism, are such strong tendencies that the creation and maintenance of collectives requires a tireless struggle: "a chapter cannot be created from one day to the next."
0	"specifically, it uses unbiased variance to update the moving average, and use sqrt(max(var, eps)) instead of sqrt(var + eps)."
0	"\nsuperiors and inferiors\n(subjects) more worthy beings: father,\nking, ancestors,\nparents, family,\ngruwnups, leader,\nboss."
0	"this is where upbringing shows its full value ..."
0	"access to superiority comes by way of a good upbringing."
0	"* is **stable**, **efficient** and designed to respect android philosophy"
0	"thus, in introductions, "one always introduces the other person to the one to whom the greatest respect is owed," so that, "in practice, the least important person is named first"."
0	"the qualities that constitute his own worth."
0	"beings are also worthy because they are rooted in tradition, that is, they are proper (as opposed, for example, to legal in the civic world or to exact in industrial arrangements)."
0	" * we kindly ask you to use common sense and don\'t profit entirely off the work of others."
0	"each understands the others in terms of the respectability conferred on him by the degree of subordination in which he finds himself."
0	"the same thing holds true, in life\'s peak moments, for congratulations, condolences, good wishes, and also recommendations, which provide opportunities to exchange marks of trust from person to person"
0	"another distinct category of arguments relies on justifications where traditions are valued and are constantly being revisited in making judgments about the present, and where locality and ties to a place are revered."
0	"betrayal is an extreme case of deficiency, because it disaggregates and takes apart: it finishes the job of setting apart and detaching the person who, by making his independence known on the outside, undermines the unity of the house and thus makes it vulnerable."
0	"engenderment\naccording to tradition\n(higher common principle)\ngeneration,\nhierarchy, tradition."
0	"  repetition makes your habit stronger, and every missed day makes it weaker."
0	"the case of irrevocable titles and especially hereditary titles is exemplary: such titles render critiques powerless, because in most instances they cannot reach their intended goal, namely, the institution of a new test."
0	"thus parents whose children treat them."
0	"the worthy act naturally because they are moved by habits."
0	"to have good bearing and to behave correctly and naturally, one must have been well brought up: "drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door."
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"with tireless attention it targets the unworthy behaviors of the worthy (for example, the bad company they may keep)."
0	"the more worthy constitute the very being of the less worthy: hierarchical superiors supply the worth of inferiors and define their identity."
0	"\nhousehold, family,\nmilieu, principles,\ncustoms, conventions."
0	"the former have precedence over the latter in the order of generation, and by the same token also in hierarchies."
0	"the same thing holds true, in life\'s peak moments, for congratulations, condolences, good wishes, and also recommendations, which provide opportunities to exchange marks of trust from person to person"
0	"conversely, "a failure to observe the rules of good behavior can close doors, and the slightest blunder may have consequences at the level of the situation (a term that here designates a professional state precisely in that it depends on the position occupied in chains of personal dependence and on the javor of superiors)."
0	"thus persons who possess dignity in subordination, however unworthy they may be, are only truly deficient when they find themselves detached from the units that included them, either by distancing (foreigner, outsider) or owing to their own selfishness."
0	"another distinct category of arguments relies on justifications where traditions are valued and are constantly being revisited in making judgments about the present, and where locality and ties to a place are revered."
0	"their main qualities are to be distinguished, straightforward, faithful and to have character."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are not apprehended according to their own worth, as is the case in the industrial world, but essentially according to how much they contribute to establishing hierarchical relations among people (we find examples in objects used in the context of social encounters) and also, according to the degree to which they facilitate the inscription."
0	"among the relevant ways to make relationships we note the act of recommending somebody, giving birth, breeding, reproducing or presenting an invitation."
0	"the trust stores can be updated to the latest version, using either the cli:"
0	"it is through upbringing that naturalness is transmitted."
0	"to be we// brought up is to know how to behave with poise, without shocking, irritating, or annoying others."
0	"where do the trust stores come from?"
0	"in this book, important and worthy persons are chiefs, bosses, or even relatives."
0	" * we kindly ask you to use common sense and don\'t profit entirely off the work of others."
0	"this package provides routines to construct graphs on videos, segment them, build trees out of them, and convert them back to videos."
0	"it is indeed via the more worthy that persons find themselves diminished, since, better placed in the chain that binds them to their origins, they intervene by rendering superfluous the beings that they include and of which they are the accomplishment."
0	"\nthe rules of etiquette (objects) good manners, proper behavior, rank, title,\ndwelling,\nintroduction,\nsignature,\nannouncements, gifts,\nflowers."
0	"it is the parents\' duty to educate proper etiquette and behavior in their children in a continuous, lasting, and thoroughgoing way, so that the children in turn will become well-brought-up adults: "to be well brought up is to know how to conduct oneself correctly in all circumstances."
0	"these three terms themselves are in a relation of equivalence, because the bond of personal dependence that connects a less worthy person with a superior-always constructed in the image of the father, whose state of worth is highest because he is the incarnation of the tradition-can be conceived in more than one way: since the worthiest person is found at the point of origin, the bond can be read as a link either in the chain of generations or in a hierarchical chain."
0	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents"."
0	"they exist in continuity (a property of the unworthy in the inspired world), and they possess all the qualities that manifest permanence, such as firmness, loyalty, punctuality."
0	"the term "natural\' ("drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door") also designates, finally, the character that is revealed in one\'s behavior toward other people and "reflected" in one\'s personal presentation and bearing."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are not apprehended according to their own worth, as is the case in the industrial world, but essentially according to how much they contribute to establishing hierarchical relations among people (we find examples in objects used in the context of social encounters) and also, according to the degree to which they facilitate the inscription."
0	"in this world, bearing is inherent in persons because it manifests character, which is habit made human ("personal bearing reflects the individual")."
0	"this is where upbringing shows its full value ..."
0	"\nthe rejection of selfishness\n(investment}\nconsideration, duty (and debt), harmony."
0	"this would be to betray his trust"."
0	"in a domestic world, beings are immediately qualified by their relationships with others."
0	"these three terms themselves are in a relation of equivalence, because the bond of personal dependence that connects a less worthy person with a superior-always constructed in the image of the father, whose state of worth is highest because he is the incarnation of the tradition-can be conceived in more than one way: since the worthiest person is found at the point of origin, the bond can be read as a link either in the chain of generations or in a hierarchical chain."
0	"the qualities that constitute his own worth."
0	"similarly, the "rules of etiquette," like the rules of correct behavior or good manners, which are the trappings of worth in the domestic world, link and separate by opening and closing doors: "the good manners cherished by our ancestors used to open many doors"."
0	"in the domestic world, the more worthy beings have duties ("even more than rights") with respect to those in their entourage, and especially with respect to those whom they include and for whom they are consequently responsible."
0	"since beings are always defined by a relation of subordination."
0	"this would be to betray his trust"."
0	"the worthy act naturally because they are moved by habits."
0	"similarly, the more worthy are proud of the less worthy who are parts of themselves: "never let a child leave the house without checking quickly to make sure that everything is in order and that one can be proud of him"."
0	"these virtues are manifested in behavior that varies depending, on the one hand, on whether the relationship with intimates or with outsiders is emphasized and, on the other hand, whether the relationship with superiors or with inferiors is emphasized."
0	"these identifying arrangements reveal persons by linking them to a household, a family, a milieu, a society (in the sense of "a respectable social group")."
0	"close connections between people and their land, from villagers who reside in the small valley communities to the shepherds who make their living traveling to remote and rugged mountain pastures, through fishermen and hunters."
0	"and this training in habit, a "second nature" that creates the natural faculty of poise (as opposed to the deliberateness and awkward artificiality of effort), is formed through imitation and example: "the climate in which children are immersed from their earliest years."
0	"rpcs are often used for performance reasons with internal communications, as you can hand-craft native calls to better fit your use cases."
0	"in this book, important and worthy persons are chiefs, bosses, or even relatives."
0	"thus, in introductions, "one always introduces the other person to the one to whom the greatest respect is owed," so that, "in practice, the least important person is named first"."
0	"this package provides routines to construct graphs on videos, segment them, build trees out of them, and convert them back to videos."
0	"\nhierarchical superiority (state of worthiness)\nbenevolent, well brought up, wise,\ndistinguished,\ndiscreet, reserved,\ntrustworthy, honest,\nfaithful."
0	"- easily craft meterpreter reverse_tcp payloads for windows, linux, android and mac and another"
0	"** clearly see how your habits improved over"
0	"the person who commits an act of betrayal is thereby excluding himself and reducing himself to a nonentity."
0	"thus it is absolutely useless to be distant, bossy, humiliating."
0	"they exist in continuity (a property of the unworthy in the inspired world), and they possess all the qualities that manifest permanence, such as firmness, loyalty, punctuality."
0	"of the worth and thus the identification of personal counters."
0	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents"."
0	" * we kindly ask you to use common sense and don\'t profit entirely off the work of others."
0	"in the domestic world, in fact, the more worthy include the less worthy as if they had created them."
0	"but these arguments are oriented less around the idea of heritage and patrimony in the united states and more in terms of the protection of ones backyard."
0	"the trust stores can be updated to the latest version, using either the cli:"
0	"to have good bearing and to behave correctly and naturally, one must have been well brought up: "drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door."
0	"where do the trust stores come from?"
0	"finally, when beings are not directly qualified by belonging to a hierarchical unit (household, guild, and so on), the relation that defines them does not specify their worth, which depends on that of a person with whom they have a relationship: a friend, a confidant, an intimate, a guest, an acquaintance, and so on, may be more or less worthy according to the worth of the other term, and association with a worthy person, which raises one\'s status, is opposed to undesirable associations, which lower it."
0	"this is where upbringing shows its full value ..."
0	"thus it is absolutely useless to be distant, bossy, humiliating."
0	"the trust stores can be updated to the latest version, using either the cli:"
0	"one\'s duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak."
0	"ask for a meeting with her while respecting the ground rules (company policies, hierarchical order)"."
0	"... one must do everything one can to make sure that naturalness results from a good upbringing"."
0	"and this training in habit, a "second nature" that creates the natural faculty of poise (as opposed to the deliberateness and awkward artificiality of effort), is formed through imitation and example: "the climate in which children are immersed from their earliest years."
0	"i realized early on that i need to adopt a lifestyle that not just reduces carbs, or add exercise, but is also sustainable and even enjoyable so it can turn into a painless routine."
0	"the political link between beings is seen as a generalization of kinship and is based on face-to-face relationships and on the respect for tradition."
0	"when they face superiors, beings worthy of esteem are deferential, which "does not however imply obsequiousness, opportunism, or flattery"."
0	"gitfiti _noun_ : Carefully crafted graffiti in a github commit history calendar."
0	"but those who are really respectable know, on the other hand, how to earn respect."
0	"in order to describe the objects of the domestic world of the present, we used a practical guide teaching good manners and human relations within the company, intended for socially mobile workers who had been promoted to more responsible positions (entitled savoir vivre et promotion)."
0	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise."
0	"nevertheless, less worthy persons "avoid familiarity with their hierarchical superior, even if they know him personally, especially in front of third parties."
0	"  advanced algorithm for calculating the strength of your habits."
0	"this arrangement, locked into the body, ensures the stability of behavior without requiring obedience to instruction, as industrial routines do."
0	"the more worthy constitute the very being of the less worthy: hierarchical superiors supply the worth of inferiors and define their identity."
0	"many of the arguments in the somport case, in both camps, refer to the harmonious existence of living on the land: what was really significant for me was this land; i did not want to betray this land."
0	"\nhousehold, family,\nmilieu, principles,\ncustoms, conventions."
0	"\nlack of inhibition (the fall)\nimpolite,\nblunders,\nloudmouth,\ngossip,\ntroublemaker,\nindiscreet,\ndisorderly,\nvulgar, envious,\nflatterer,\ntraitor'"
0	"of the worth and thus the identification of personal counters."
0	"when the principle of subordination is engenderment and when the relation to others is established by means of reproduction, the more worthy beings precede and the less worthy follow in the generational chain: thus forebears and ancestors- grandfather and grandmother, father-in-law and mother-in-law, uncles and aunts, parents- are more worthy; children, or girls, are less worthy."
0	"the term "natural\' ("drive nature out the window and it comes right back in the door") also designates, finally, the character that is revealed in one\'s behavior toward other people and "reflected" in one\'s personal presentation and bearing."
0	"the person, cannot, in this world, be separated from his/her belonging to a body, a family, a lineage, an estate."
0	"trust in others, superiors are informed and wise."
0	"the worthy act naturally because they are moved by habits."
0	"\nthe rules of etiquette (objects) good manners, proper behavior, rank, title,\ndwelling,\nintroduction,\nsignature,\nannouncements, gifts,\nflowers."
0	"they exist in continuity (a property of the unworthy in the inspired world), and they possess all the qualities that manifest permanence, such as firmness, loyalty, punctuality."
0	"conversely, "a failure to observe the rules of good behavior can close doors, and the slightest blunder may have consequences at the level of the situation (a term that here designates a professional state precisely in that it depends on the position occupied in chains of personal dependence and on the javor of superiors)."
0	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise."
0	"these identifying arrangements reveal persons by linking them to a household, a family, a milieu, a society (in the sense of "a respectable social group")."
0	"the person, cannot, in this world, be separated from his/her belonging to a body, a family, a lineage, an estate."
0	"- easily craft meterpreter reverse_tcp payloads for windows, linux, android and mac and another"
0	"attentive to intimates (for example, a spouse), to whom one owes thoughtfulness, attention, and propriety, the worthy person is cordial with visitors: "the reputation of households is often made by visitors; thus one always benefits from being very cordial toward them, whether they are important or not"."
0	"loop is a mobile app that helps you create and maintain good habits,"
0	"when they face superiors, beings worthy of esteem are deferential, which "does not however imply obsequiousness, opportunism, or flattery"."
0	"thus parents whose children treat them."
0	"the trust stores can be updated to the latest version, using either the cli:"
0	"\nthe poise of habit (dignity} good sense,\nhabits, naturalness,\ncharacter."
0	"and this training in habit, a "second nature" that creates the natural faculty of poise (as opposed to the deliberateness and awkward artificiality of effort), is formed through imitation and example: "the climate in which children are immersed from their earliest years."
0	"  you can also craft a packet object from scratch."
0	"in this model one must, to evaluate someone\'s worth, know his place in the network of dependencies from which this person draws his own authority."
0	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today."
0	""arrangements indicate the identity of persons and announce them: "it is preferable to arrive early and to announce oneself"."
0	"the trust stores (mozilla, microsoft, etc.)"
0	"close connections between people and their land, from villagers who reside in the small valley communities to the shepherds who make their living traveling to remote and rugged mountain pastures, through fishermen and hunters."
0	"* is **stable**, **efficient** and designed to respect android philosophy"
0	"ideally, you should make it a habit to not pick up the mouse to perform most of your actions and slowly migrate towards a mouseless-workflow."
0	"thus, in introductions, "one always introduces the other person to the one to whom the greatest respect is owed," so that, "in practice, the least important person is named first"."
0	"in a domestic world, in which beings have to ensure the permanence and the continuity of a tradition, relations concern upbringing first and foremost."
0	"origin=Developer ID Application: The Tor Project, Inc (MADPSAYN6T)"
0	"the former have precedence over the latter in the order of generation, and by the same token also in hierarchies."
0	"in the domestic world, the forms in which nature is inventoried are collections of narratives, curious and instructive stories, allegories, and also collections of personal objects and relics, objects worth keeping because they have been used by a worthy being."
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"in the domestic world, where worth presupposes personal loyalty to a worthy being and membership in the closed universe of a household, objects are all the more private in character (letters, for example) to the extent that they are associated with the more worthy beings, and discretion consists in "refusing to listen to gossip and especially in refusing to pass it along"."
0	"i realized early on that i need to adopt a lifestyle that not just reduces carbs, or add exercise, but is also sustainable and even enjoyable so it can turn into a painless routine."
0	"tests thus often take the form of confirmations; this is apparent in the archaic expressions of the domestic world offered by fairy tales, which are saturated with anecdotes in which a worthy person, disguised as someone of lesser worth, is subjected to a test that reveals his own inherent worthiness (for example, "the princess and the pea")."
0	"in this world, bearing is inherent in persons because it manifests character, which is habit made human ("personal bearing reflects the individual")."
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"origin=Developer ID Application: The Tor Project, Inc (MADPSAYN6T)"
0	"It aims to cover both traditional and core NLP tasks such as dependency parsing and part-of-speech tagging"
0	"these duties call for "the rejection of all selfishness": "discomfort is produced in social life when one approaches it only in terms of oneself and not in terms of others"."
0	"in a hierarchical order, judgment belongs to the most worthy person, who must thus not be kept in the dark about anything so that she can issue an informed ruling: "don\'t let [the leader] remain unaware of the problems about which she should normally be informed ...."
0	"the trust stores (mozilla, microsoft, etc.)"
0	"arrangements of a domestic nature are weakly equipped with instruments for acting from a distance; such instruments are particularly well developed, in contrast, in the civic world, which lays emphasis on the objectivity of rules detached from persons and on mechanisms of representation."
0	"\nsuperiors and inferiors\n(subjects) more worthy beings: father,\nking, ancestors,\nparents, family,\ngruwnups, leader,\nboss."
0	"the order of the world can be grasped in its full generality through the unfolding of uniqueness."
0	"the way pgp works is that you trust key ids instead of jid\'s or email addresses."
0	"the order of the world can be grasped in its full generality through the unfolding of uniqueness."
0	"in order to describe the objects of the domestic world of the present, we used a practical guide teaching good manners and human relations within the company, intended for socially mobile workers who had been promoted to more responsible positions (entitled savoir vivre et promotion)."
0	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise."
0	"gitfiti _noun_ : Carefully crafted graffiti in a github commit history calendar."
0	"in relation to the less worthy beings for whom he is responsible, the superior has the duty to share with them, according to their rank\'."
0	"it is the parents\' duty to educate proper etiquette and behavior in their children in a continuous, lasting, and thoroughgoing way, so that the children in turn will become well-brought-up adults: "to be well brought up is to know how to conduct oneself correctly in all circumstances."
0	"unit of work and continuity."
0	"\nrespect and responsibility\n(relation of worth)\nauthority, subordination,\nrespectability, honor,\nshame."
0	"but these arguments are oriented less around the idea of heritage and patrimony in the united states and more in terms of the protection of ones backyard."
0	"at the time i had no idea what i was doing, but for better or worse, i made a habit of not copying classes, but writing the code out myself."
0	"in this model one must, to evaluate someone\'s worth, know his place in the network of dependencies from which this person draws his own authority."
0	"their main qualities are to be distinguished, straightforward, faithful and to have character."
0	"in the domestic world, where beings are immediately qualified according to their worth, in such a way that their manifestation necessarily entails a determination of their position in a hierarchy, the inscription of signs of worth in the form of titles, heraldry, clothing, marks on the body, and so on, is sought in order to limit the uncertainty of situations involving personal encounters and to reduce the costs of identification."
0	"beings are also worthy because they are rooted in tradition, that is, they are proper (as opposed, for example, to legal in the civic world or to exact in industrial arrangements)."
0	"it is through upbringing that naturalness is transmitted."
0	""new years greetings" create "a family tie and habits of courtesy that characterize well-brought-up children"."
0	"** clearly see how your habits improved over"
0	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents"."
0	"this is where upbringing shows its full value ..."
0	"it is through reference to generation, tradition, and hierarchy that order can be established among beings of a domestic nature."
0	"thus it is "necessary" to give "children" good habits from the start, for habits adopted early are never constraints and they quickly become natural behavior."
0	"  repetition makes your habit stronger, and every missed day makes it weaker."
0	"this primacy is a source of authority."
0	"thus "the middle generation has an all the more thankless role in that it must both demonstrate authority over children and respect and consideration toward grandparents"."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are primarily determined by the way they support and maintain hierarchical relationships among persons."
0	"in relation to the less worthy beings for whom he is responsible, the superior has the duty to share with them, according to their rank\'."
0	"The warning about the key not being certified is benign, as it has not yet been manually assigned trust."
0	"\nhousehold, family,\nmilieu, principles,\ncustoms, conventions."
0	"\nlack of inhibition (the fall)\nimpolite,\nblunders,\nloudmouth,\ngossip,\ntroublemaker,\nindiscreet,\ndisorderly,\nvulgar, envious,\nflatterer,\ntraitor'"
0	"the domestic world does not unfold inside the circle of family relationships alone, especially given the restricted notion of family, detached from any reference to the political order, that is accepted in our society today."
0	"the same thing holds true, in life\'s peak moments, for congratulations, condolences, good wishes, and also recommendations, which provide opportunities to exchange marks of trust from person to person"
0	" * we kindly ask you to use common sense and don\'t profit entirely off the work of others."
0	"upbringing, which produces "the well-brought-up person" in whom reserve is combined with poise, is in the end precisely what associates the worthy state with generation, a relation that is established here (as is often the case when an utterance reveals what lies at the heart of the natural order) in the mode of what we shall designate further on by the term "desecration": "those who hold or who believe they hold the secrets of a good upbringing claim that it takes at least three generations to produce a wellbrought-up man"."
0	"indeed, "your own upbringing will be judged by that of your children"."
0	"upbringing, which produces "the well-brought-up person" in whom reserve is combined with poise, is in the end precisely what associates the worthy state with generation, a relation that is established here (as is often the case when an utterance reveals what lies at the heart of the natural order) in the mode of what we shall designate further on by the term "desecration": "those who hold or who believe they hold the secrets of a good upbringing claim that it takes at least three generations to produce a wellbrought-up man"."
0	"it is in this way that they are distinguished; the quality of distinction does not presuppose here, as it does in the world of fame, a competition of all against all in a marketplace of esteem, but rather the exclusive judgment of a superior or leader and the elective choice that makes someone stand out from the ranks."
0	"\nrespect and responsibility\n(relation of worth)\nauthority, subordination,\nrespectability, honor,\nshame."
0	"All Web Browsers retain certain information about our browsing habits."
0	""arrangements indicate the identity of persons and announce them: "it is preferable to arrive early and to announce oneself"."
0	"but they are also, and for the same reasons, the unique source from which dignity and worth may be drawn, since it is only in contact with them that participation in what constitutes superiority can be achieved."
0	"the trust stores can be updated to the latest version, using either the cli:"
0	"the objects that circulate, flowers or gifts, right down to the "smallest courtesy toward others," indicate, by their direction, the relative worth of the persons among whom they are exchanged."
0	"\nothers: vtsitor, surroundings (members of), neighbors, third party."
0	"this arrangement, locked into the body, ensures the stability of behavior without requiring obedience to instruction, as industrial routines do."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are primarily determined by the way they support and maintain hierarchical relationships among persons."
0	"justifications based on tradition and locality are utilized extensively by opponents of the somport project in france, and there are a variety of rich testimonials from the inhabitants of the aspe valley on the need to preserve a patrimony and way of life cherished by many and upheld in various ways by existing traditions of the region."
0	"they exist in continuity (a property of the unworthy in the inspired world), and they possess all the qualities that manifest permanence, such as firmness, loyalty, punctuality."
0	"i realized early on that i need to adopt a lifestyle that not just reduces carbs, or add exercise, but is also sustainable and even enjoyable so it can turn into a painless routine."
0	"the typical objects are, for instance, visiting cards, gifts, estates, houses, titles."
0	"and this training in habit, a "second nature" that creates the natural faculty of poise (as opposed to the deliberateness and awkward artificiality of effort), is formed through imitation and example: "the climate in which children are immersed from their earliest years."
0	"disrespectfully are at fault: inferiors indeed have the ability to lower the standing of their superiors."
0	"similarly, less worthy beings are equivalent and no particular feature of childhood distinguishes small children from the other subordinate beings (unmarried persons, servants, and so on) for whom the more worthy beings are responsible."
0	"arrangements of a domestic nature are weakly equipped with instruments for acting from a distance; such instruments are particularly well developed, in contrast, in the civic world, which lays emphasis on the objectivity of rules detached from persons and on mechanisms of representation."
0	"\nfamily ceremonies\n(test) celebration,\nbirth, death,\nmarriage, social\nevents, conversation,\ndistinction,\nnomination."
0	"The warning about the key not being certified is benign, as it has not yet been manually assigned trust."
0	"beings are also worthy because they are rooted in tradition, that is, they are proper (as opposed, for example, to legal in the civic world or to exact in industrial arrangements)."
0	"the trust stores (mozilla, microsoft, etc.)"
0	"thus parents whose children treat them."
0	"origin=Developer ID Application: The Tor Project, Inc (MADPSAYN6T)"
0	"in the domestic world, where beings are immediately qualified according to their worth, in such a way that their manifestation necessarily entails a determination of their position in a hierarchy, the inscription of signs of worth in the form of titles, heraldry, clothing, marks on the body, and so on, is sought in order to limit the uncertainty of situations involving personal encounters and to reduce the costs of identification."
0	"but inferiors can also squander their inheritance (which involves a market worth)."
0	"in the domestic world, the forms in which nature is inventoried are collections of narratives, curious and instructive stories, allegories, and also collections of personal objects and relics, objects worth keeping because they have been used by a worthy being."
0	"nevertheless, less worthy persons "avoid familiarity with their hierarchical superior, even if they know him personally, especially in front of third parties."
0	"rpcs are often used for performance reasons with internal communications, as you can hand-craft native calls to better fit your use cases."
0	"in a domestic world, in which beings can be qualified according to an extensive range of different states of worthiness, the less worthy are always present and designated as such because they are the very substance with which the worth of the more worthy that include them is constructed."
0	"in this book, important and worthy persons are chiefs, bosses, or even relatives."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are primarily determined by the way they support and maintain hierarchical relationships among persons."
0	"conversely, the less worthy, who share by way of personal dependence in the worth of those to whom they are subordinated, are part of the more worthy who include them and who bear responsibility for them."
0	"a handshake is also an instrument of worth, a tool devised from the body itself; depending on the order of gesture, a handshake may raise or lower a person\'s standing:\n"it is up to him (the leader), not you, to offer his hand first"."
0	"\nothers: vtsitor, surroundings (members of), neighbors, third party."
0	"many of the arguments in the somport case, in both camps, refer to the harmonious existence of living on the land: what was really significant for me was this land; i did not want to betray this land."
0	"objects and arrangements are thus the means by which beings recognize one another\'s worth, just as they know their own; this is the way they know and deploy the relative worth of the persons involved and also the way they make themselves known."
0	"when they face superiors, beings worthy of esteem are deferential, which "does not however imply obsequiousness, opportunism, or flattery"."
0	"the case of irrevocable titles and especially hereditary titles is exemplary: such titles render critiques powerless, because in most instances they cannot reach their intended goal, namely, the institution of a new test."
0	"in domestic worth, beings in a state of worthiness achieve superiority in each of the three components: as part of a hierarchy, they are worthy owing to the relation that connects them to worthier beings by whom they are appreciated and valued, beings who have attached them to their persons."
0	"when this world unfolds, the search for what is just stresses personal relationships."
0	"this primacy is a source of authority."
0	"arrangements of a domestic nature are weakly equipped with instruments for acting from a distance; such instruments are particularly well developed, in contrast, in the civic world, which lays emphasis on the objectivity of rules detached from persons and on mechanisms of representation."
0	"rpcs are often used for performance reasons with internal communications, as you can hand-craft native calls to better fit your use cases."
0	"conversely, the less worthy, who share by way of personal dependence in the worth of those to whom they are subordinated, are part of the more worthy who include them and who bear responsibility for them."
0	"\nthe rejection of selfishness\n(investment}\nconsideration, duty (and debt), harmony."
0	"one\'s duties include, for example, the pleasant demeanor and obliging manner that "make human relations smoother," in the consideration for others that "makes life in society more agreeable," or in the helpful, disinterested behavior characteristic of persons who do not take advantage of the weak."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are primarily determined by the way they support and maintain hierarchical relationships among persons."
0	"in the american case there are many similar arguments pointing to the preservation of a place close to ones home and hearth, and references to the regions heritage."
0	"It aims to cover both traditional and core NLP tasks such as dependency parsing and part-of-speech tagging"
0	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise."
0	"disrespectfully are at fault: inferiors indeed have the ability to lower the standing of their superiors."
0	"another distinct category of arguments relies on justifications where traditions are valued and are constantly being revisited in making judgments about the present, and where locality and ties to a place are revered."
0	"    the terms thus refer to the beings that encompass them or to those that they themselves encompass, that is, those (superiors) from whom they delve their origin or those (inferiors) to whom they themselves have given rise."
0	"\nthe poise of habit (dignity} good sense,\nhabits, naturalness,\ncharacter."
0	"rpcs are often used for performance reasons with internal communications, as you can hand-craft native calls to better fit your use cases."
0	"\nothers: vtsitor, surroundings (members of), neighbors, third party."
0	"visiting cards ("on white card stock in the classic shape and design"), letterheads on which "one\'s title is included," signatures, which put an end to anonymity ("the rather disagreeable anonymous aspect of illegible signatures"), handwritten letters, which identify because they bear the mark of a unique handwriting (as opposed to typewritten letters, of an industrial nature, which are not suitable for "personal correspondence"), the announcements by means of which one "informs of the birth of a child" are all "ways of introducing oneself    that make it unnecessary for the interlocutor to ask who you are "such a question is displeasing, because it includes a reproach to the interlocutor for failing to inform of something that should be known."
0	"beings are also worthy because they are rooted in tradition, that is, they are proper (as opposed, for example, to legal in the civic world or to exact in industrial arrangements)."
0	"in the domestic world, objects are not apprehended according to their own worth, as is the case in the industrial world, but essentially according to how much they contribute to establishing hierarchical relations among people (we find examples in objects used in the context of social encounters) and also, according to the degree to which they facilitate the inscription."
0	"these justifications relate to what boltanski and thevenot (1991) term the domestic order of worth in which the claim of a general value is warranted by personal tie or local attachment, so that personal character or proximity are considered the source or building blocks of universal goods."
0	"this mode of understanding beings is expressed in pride, respect, and shame."
0	"to be we// brought up is to know how to behave with poise, without shocking, irritating, or annoying others."
0	"engenderment\naccording to tradition\n(higher common principle)\ngeneration,\nhierarchy, tradition."
0	"the domestic world was extracted from a commentary of bossuet\'s work, la politique tiree des propres paroles de l\'ecriture sainte."
0	"in the market world, people are thus detached from one another (and in particular from any domestic bond), liberated in such a way that they lend themselves willingly to every opportunity to engage in a transaction."
0	"market worth is not so very different from the worths that serve as examples for the notion of hierarchy, the domestic order of authority, or the industrial order of competence."
0	"market worth does not participate in a construction of time."
0	"this project is dual-licensed under the gplv3 for foss projects as well as a commercial license for independent software vendors and resellers."
0	"when they are engaged, the beings of the market world are doing business."
0	"this competition among the individuals\' lusts subordinates to the desires of others the price attached to the possession of a commodity."
0	"worthy objects are salable goods that have a strong position in a market."
0	"oksocket is a java library project designed to solve lightweight socket communication, in order to enable developers to focus more on business logic, rather than tcp communication principles and some protocols."
0	"golem is a decentralized marketplace for computing power."
0	"the road is defended as a way to reduce the cost of transit traffic."
0	"* **[donate $2799]**: go buddy, buy macbook pro for yourself!"
0	"arguments involving market justifications evaluate worth based on the price or economic value of goods and services in a competitive market."
0	"the opportunism that characterizes the worthy those who know how to make the most of everything, in the market world- thus goes hand in hand, unparadoxically, with a certain attention to others that presupposes "the ability to listen, really to hear what someone is saying" (mccormack 1984, 8) (inasmuch as others are detached individuals themselves, and not inasmuch as they form an opinion from which one has to protect oneself, like "the others" in the world of fame)."
0	"however, if you are planning to use it for commercial purposes (i.e make money off it), please do not expect free support, as it would be unfair."
0	"#### Step 2. generate your customized Dockerfile"
0	"it precedes consciousness itself: "[the art of selling is the conscious practice of a lot of things we already know unconsciously- and have probably spent the better part of our lives doing" (89)."
0	"the identification that is common to market objects inscribes them as inalienable property, objects that are common to diverse desires."
0	"\t        vendor: sony corporation"
0	"the transaction presupposes that people have enough perspective and that the object is detached enough to allow the play of competition with others."
0	"your data are still on s3 servers so you pay $0.06 for those two gigabytes, but not a single cent will be charged for any transfer."
0	"their wealth allows them to have what others want, valuable objects, luxury items, upscale products."
0	"justifications based on the market [   market   worth]"
0	"for commercial customers, the database contents are saved automatically by default."
0	"the identification that is common to market objects inscribes them as inalienable property, objects that are common to diverse desires."
0	"relevant pieces of evidence brought in support of these arguments only qualify for market justifications as long as they can be treated as exchangeable goods or services."
0	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r'"
0	"anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or\r"
0	"in business, one gets ahead by leaping to the top, just as one unexpectedly goes bankrupt."
0	"methods and the market-dominant browser to execute JS ensures we can save even the most "
0	"local transactions thus exceed settlements and become a market that takes into account the entire set of the others\' desires through the prices that will be negotiated and paid."
0	"Equally there are significant privacy concerns with devices constantly sending metadata (both during activation and other Apple-linked/-hosted activities) and linking IP addresses very strongly with real identities based on purchase payment information and if a cellular device, metadata collected about SIM, etc unless such connections are blocked at the network level (which is only possible on self-managed infrastructure, i.e."
0	"this is the observable contract and sometimes it is the desired behavior."
0	"with different name and namespace transactions without spending bitcoin."
0	"worthy objects are salable goods that have a strong position in a market."
0	"the business will benefit from faster time-to-market, reduced operational costs, maximized application lifetime, and the flexibility to integrate with new or existing technologies."
0	"the opportunism that characterizes the worthy those who know how to make the most of everything, in the market world- thus goes hand in hand, unparadoxically, with a certain attention to others that presupposes "the ability to listen, really to hear what someone is saying" (mccormack 1984, 8) (inasmuch as others are detached individuals themselves, and not inasmuch as they form an opinion from which one has to protect oneself, like "the others" in the world of fame)."
0	"try out the sample applications on the android market: [feature demos][4],"
0	"money is the measure of all things, and thus constitutes the form of evidence."
0	"google maps apis premium plan customers can use their [client id and secret][clientid] to authenticate,"
0	"representatives of the tourism industry in the clavey area, led by an active group of river rafting companies and employees, repeatedly argue the dam would lead to a decrease in tourist dollars for the local economy."
0	"- any kind of act, activity or business involving dangerous or controlled goods or substances, including stolen goods, firearms, radioactive materials or drugs."
0	"Equally there are significant privacy concerns with devices constantly sending metadata (both during activation and other Apple-linked/-hosted activities) and linking IP addresses very strongly with real identities based on purchase payment information and if a cellular device, metadata collected about SIM, etc unless such connections are blocked at the network level (which is only possible on self-managed infrastructure, i.e."
0	"[**(29) why do i get \'the item you requested is not available for purchase\'?"
0	"being in a business deal that holds together requires persons who meet, often face to face, to negotiate head to head, far from the influence of others; they must take one another\'s measure accurately and "never underestimate [the] competition" (205)."
0	"as the cornerstone of many enterprises, relational database still takes a huge market share."
0	"business consists of at least two individuals plus an object whose purchase and sale they negotiate."
0	"license and price"
0	"Enable real orders that use your money:"
0	"> technical analysis of financial market data."
0	"google maps apis premium plan customers can use their [client id and secret][clientid] to authenticate,"
0	"possess (relation of worth) interest (to) (relations} buy, get (for oneself), sell, business (do business with), negotiate, benefit (from), market, pay, compete. the market world must not be confused with a sphere of economic relations."
0	"the funding for the project was proposed in brussels as a way to promote competition and free markets in europe through better transport of goods."
0	"note: v0.1.0 was dependent on snapshot of aes-crypto, this is only as i was waiting for the aes-crypto repo owner to upload to maven."
0	"this dataset was created from 3d-reconstructed spaces captured by our customers who agreed to make them publicly available for academic use."
0	"this attention does not serve to temper selfishness; it is consubstantial with selfishness in the market order."
0	"also known as "finally found a way to make this deep learning stuff useful for my business"."
0	"whether an application is social, news, or business-to-business, users expect a seamless experience both online and offline."
0	"let us note that of all the social sciences, economics is the one that grants the most space to objects, although the status of these objects is not made clear in economic theory."
0	"if a good caller meets its obligations, the onus is thus on you to fulfill your end of the bargain."
0	"jctools offers excellent performance at a reasonable price (free!"
0	"by bringing to light the quality of objects of a market nature and their role in coordination, we are preparing to deal with the complex situations in which ambiguous objects disturb this coordination: something scribbled by picasso on the corner of a table, a dented tank that does not meet industrial contemporary standards, a used car, and so on."
0	"market arguments for the projects in dispute in our cases might include, for example, claims that the project will boost revenue for a regions commercial areas, or that it is the cheapest method of providing a service for which there is demand."
0	"[**(29) why do i get \'the item you requested is not available for purchase\'?"
0	"* `bigpanda_auth_bearer` - the authorization bearer header that is assigned to each customer by bigpanda."
0	"jctools offers excellent performance at a reasonable price (free!"
0	"buythreshold  = 0.65         # confidence threshold for predicting buy (default = 0.65) "
0	"the funding for the project was proposed in brussels as a way to promote competition and free markets in europe through better transport of goods."
0	"such problems surface in particular when time is introduced as a factor in market relations, which are atemporal by nature."
0	"      the server issuing access tokens to the client after successfully authenticating the resource owner and obtaining authorization."
0	"as the cornerstone of many enterprises, relational database still takes a huge market share."
0	"in this paragraph, we are pursuing the demonstration we undertook in our analysis of the market polity, by indicating how the market world can be related to the same model of worth, and what specifications are established in it for relevant beings and relationships."
0	"support requests for services that **do** purchase the rights to distribute their content are perfectly fine though."
0	"we are the preferred choice for communication products of all types and the fastest growing gif service on the market."
0	"being in a business deal that holds together requires persons who meet, often face to face, to negotiate head to head, far from the influence of others; they must take one another\'s measure accurately and "never underestimate [the] competition" (205)."
0	"the state of worthiness encompasses the state of unworthiness in a relation of possession."
0	"consistent interface for trading and accessing market data."
0	"another key aspect of microservices is that the focus of a team building a component now moves away from just delivering that component to running and maintainig that business functionality given by that component."
0	"just as the work by adam smith from which we extracted the canonical presentation of market worth invites us to associate a theory of the wealth of nations foregrounding the principle of competition, on the one hand, with a theory of moral sentiments based on the position of impartial spectator and sympathy, on the other, the manual we are using here makes visible the relation between the satisfactory progress of business and a state of persons characterized by detachment with regard to themselves (a distance that recalls the "equal distances with respect to great and small objects" at which smith positioned_ the spectator) and by attention to others."
0	"their wealth allows them to have what others want, valuable objects, luxury items, upscale products."
0	"an application designed around individuals who keep track of their fill history on their vehicles: from price, gallons, date purchased, and miles traveled."
0	"the state of worthiness encompasses the state of unworthiness in a relation of possession."
0	"the harmony of the natural order stems from the way in which goods acquire their price in a market that determines the distribution of states of worth."
0	"worthy persons are rich, millionaires, and they live the high life."
0	"if a good caller meets its obligations, the onus is thus on you to fulfill your end of the bargain."
0	"#### Step 2. generate your customized Dockerfile"
0	"in this he displays the attitude of a person acting normally in the market world; in order to reach agreement on a transaction, such a person has to rely on the objectivity of the item and on its independence with respect to the various persons implicated in the transaction."
0	"besides, progress value can be freely customized."
0	"license and price"
0	"the selfishness of subjects in the market world has to go hand in hand, if any order is to result from their competition, with clear-sightedness as to the limits of selves; this is the other side of the picture, where the common identification of external goods is concerned."
0	""portions copyrighted [year] [name of copyright owner]"\r"
0	"money is the measure of all things, and thus constitutes the form of evidence."
0	"\t        vendor: sony corporation"
0	"however, the success of the figure of the individual has been largely dependent on proof that individuals can find a place in an order in which their actions are coordinated with those of others."
0	"wealth can lead, in a confusion between persons and things, to the direct possession of another person rather than of the goods that that person may desire."
0	"in no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software."
0	"needless to say that all these money are charged by amazon itself, there is obviously no payment for using s3cmd :-)"
0	"there are also 2 versions of pageturner available through the google play market which have access keys built in:"
0	"in the manual we are using, the author recounts a scene in which the participants are playing with the limits of humanity and having fun by attributing to nonhuman beings this dignity of desire, this capacity to love or to hate."
0	"this attention does not serve to temper selfishness; it is consubstantial with selfishness in the market order."
0	"since dignity designates a capacity to participate in a common good, the fact that it takes the form of a selfish desire in the market world is almost paradoxical."
0	"consistent interface for trading and accessing market data."
0	"includes sine wave and stock market data."
0	"- any kind of act, activity or business that requires any kind of governmental authorization or license to legally occur or exist, without previously obtaining such authorization or license;"
0	"> prophet is a python microframework for financial markets."
0	"the opportunism that characterizes the worthy those who know how to make the most of everything, in the market world- thus goes hand in hand, unparadoxically, with a certain attention to others that presupposes "the ability to listen, really to hear what someone is saying" (mccormack 1984, 8) (inasmuch as others are detached individuals themselves, and not inasmuch as they form an opinion from which one has to protect oneself, like "the others" in the world of fame)."
0	"i\'ve been doing mainly this project for over a year now, and even though i\'m not making money off of it, i would be extremely appreciative for any contributions to help pay for the domain and the website\'s vps."
0	"worthy persons are rich, millionaires, and they live the high life."
0	"stores can be customized to work with your own implementations or use our included middleware."
0	"[**(59) can you help me restore my purchase?"
0	"instability does not imply a defect, as it does in the industrial world."
0	"it includes preconfigured grafana and kibana dashboards that can be customized."
0	"[**(29) why do i get \'the item you requested is not available for purchase\'?"
0	"buy accuracy: 68.24%"
0	"whether or not you need to enable it depends on how aggressive the non-standard \'power saving\' features are that your phone vendor has built into the operating system."
0	"    to_predict=\'rental_price\', # the column we want to learn to predict given all the data in the file"
0	"\t        vendor: shenzhen ogemray technology co., ltd."
0	"output for stock market multi-dimensional multi-sequential predictions:"
0	"the construction of the market is neither more nor less a metaphysics than the construction of the orders that refer to trust and tradition or to the general will."
0	"the object, a good or a service, helps to fashion a link between people by attracting, by interesting."
0	"- want to use tencent soter in more sensitive business scenarios like login, or even payment?"
0	"them is not a happy owner of android device yet it\'s truly hoped performance is not that poor on actual device compared"
0	"in short, subjects are as available as goods on the market."
0	"supports the further development of conversations \xe2\x80\x94 is to buy the app in the"
0	"this world is also peopled with omnipresent objects; the economist can overlook their role in the coordination of actions only when he treats them as endowed with a nature independent of the interventions of others."
0	"another key aspect of microservices is that the focus of a team building a component now moves away from just delivering that component to running and maintainig that business functionality given by that component."
0	"the characterization of this world by the dignity of persons, all equally motivated by desires, and by the adequacy of the objects that equip it already encompasses the principle of coordination, competition, which can be made explicit in the justifications to which tests give rise."
0	"them is not a happy owner of android device yet it\'s truly hoped performance is not that poor on actual device compared"
0	"note: v0.1.0 was dependent on snapshot of aes-crypto, this is only as i was waiting for the aes-crypto repo owner to upload to maven."
0	"your preferred price and performance."
0	"the opportunism that characterizes the worthy those who know how to make the most of everything, in the market world- thus goes hand in hand, unparadoxically, with a certain attention to others that presupposes "the ability to listen, really to hear what someone is saying" (mccormack 1984, 8) (inasmuch as others are detached individuals themselves, and not inasmuch as they form an opinion from which one has to protect oneself, like "the others" in the world of fame)."
0	"in business, one gets ahead by leaping to the top, just as one unexpectedly goes bankrupt."
0	"just as the work by adam smith from which we extracted the canonical presentation of market worth invites us to associate a theory of the wealth of nations foregrounding the principle of competition, on the one hand, with a theory of moral sentiments based on the position of impartial spectator and sympathy, on the other, the manual we are using here makes visible the relation between the satisfactory progress of business and a state of persons characterized by detachment with regard to themselves (a distance that recalls the "equal distances with respect to great and small objects" at which smith positioned_ the spectator) and by attention to others."
0	"since dignity designates a capacity to participate in a common good, the fact that it takes the form of a selfish desire in the market world is almost paradoxical."
0	"your preferred price and performance."
0	"market worth does not participate in a construction of time."
0	"optionally, install via the eclipse marketplace"
0	"in no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software."
0	"scheduled worker collects required information from other services and sends e-mail messages to subscribed customers."
0	"in the market world, actions are motivated by the desires of individuals, which drive them to possess the same objects, rare goods whose ownership is inalienable."
0	"viewed from the outside, the constitutive convention of competition plays the same role as the conventions that serve as higher common principles in the other worlds."
0	"\t        vendor: canon inc."
0	"try out the sample applications on the android market: [feature demos][4],"
0	"relevant pieces of evidence brought in support of these arguments only qualify for market justifications as long as they can be treated as exchangeable goods or services."
0	"by bringing to light the quality of objects of a market nature and their role in coordination, we are preparing to deal with the complex situations in which ambiguous objects disturb this coordination: something scribbled by picasso on the corner of a table, a dented tank that does not meet industrial contemporary standards, a used car, and so on."
0	"You can use your Google account to sign to your Chrome customized settings from other devices while retaining your the security of your passwords."
0	"where `darts` can be replaced by any customized architectures in `genotypes.py`."
0	"if a good caller meets its obligations, the onus is thus on you to fulfill your end of the bargain."
0	"the market world must not be mixed up with the sphere of economic relations."
0	"a pay library for android, and which support wechat pay and ali pay."
0	"a pay library for android, and which support wechat pay and ali pay."
0	"* tell the owner of the endpoint to enforce ssl on their end and provide https."
0	"the most different usage between handler and watcher is, handler can use customized callback function."
0	"this is the observable contract and sometimes it is the desired behavior."
0	"the code can be downloaded, customized with your logo, and run on any google app engine account."
0	"since dignity designates a capacity to participate in a common good, the fact that it takes the form of a selfish desire in the market world is almost paradoxical."
0	"output for stock market multi-dimensional multi-sequential predictions:"
0	"In activation processes after first boot, just as with first boot, a long list of highly sensitive metadata are sent hashed (note hashing does not give you any privacy from Apple here since they link this exact metadata to payment information at purchase) to Apple so it can return the personalized response required for secure boot to complete."
0	"you will only have to pay amazon for using their storage."
0	"the state of unworthiness is one in which persons fail, stagnate, and lose out, and in which goods are rejected, spurned, hated, instead of desired."
0	"they are worthy when they are rich."
0	"millionaires are defined by their possession of things everyone wants."
0	"with different name and namespace transactions without spending bitcoin."
0	"however, if you are planning to use it for commercial purposes (i.e make money off it), please do not expect free support, as it would be unfair."
0	"just at cloudera, hue is heavily used by thousand of customers executing millions of queries daily."
0	"let us note that of all the social sciences, economics is the one that grants the most space to objects, although the status of these objects is not made clear in economic theory."
0	"it might be preferable to recognize that the freedom of free-market liberalism has meaning only insofar as it is an expression of choice for external goods, and that this externality is acquired only if one starts out with a detachment that presupposes seeing others the way one sees oneself."
0	"political philosophies have demonstrated the benefits of competition only by establishing this possibility of coordination, which makes it possible, today, to refer to a market polity."
0	"unlike many other frameworks, which focus on only one area, spring framework provides a wide verity of features addressing the modern business needs via its portfolio projects."
0	"when the resource owner is a person, it is referred to as an end-user."
0	"- **oddjob** is an implant builder and c&c server that can deliver exploits for windows 2000 and later, also not detected by any av vendors "
0	"market worth is not so very different from the worths that serve as examples for the notion of hierarchy, the domestic order of authority, or the industrial order of competence."
0	"try out the sample application [on the android market][10]."
0	"this is similar to contracts, but less legal and more medieval."
0	"the selfishness of subjects in the market world has to go hand in hand, if any order is to result from their competition, with clear-sightedness as to the limits of selves; this is the other side of the picture, where the common identification of external goods is concerned."
0	"arguments involving market justifications evaluate worth based on the price or economic value of goods and services in a competitive market."
0	"the end of the test is expressed by the signing of a contract."
0	"          # set reservation owner accounts."
0	"i\'ve been doing mainly this project for over a year now, and even though i\'m not making money off of it, i would be extremely appreciative for any contributions to help pay for the domain and the website\'s vps."
0	"whether or not you need to enable it depends on how aggressive the non-standard \'power saving\' features are that your phone vendor has built into the operating system."
0	"buy accuracy: 68.24%"
0	"        trading.make_trades(companies)"
0	"buy accuracy: 68.24%"
0	"in a market world, important persons are buyers and sellers."
0	"the road is defended as a way to reduce the cost of transit traffic."
0	"even if the market world is not reduced to a collection of atoms deprived of connections with one another market relations propagated in networks can easily be contrasted with hierarchical relations embedded one within another."
0	"at the end of this harmonious process of composition, the persons doing business find their worth naturally in relation to the object negotiated."
0	"there are also 2 versions of pageturner available through the google play market which have access keys built in:"
0	"*if you\'re a dataset owner and wish to update any part of it (description,*"
0	"an object of a market nature is a thing toward which competing desires for possession converge: it is a desirable, salable, marketable thing."
0	"your preferred price and performance."
0	"this requirement, often forgotten in methodological or political approaches to individualism, is the one that defines the individual as a social being, socialized by desires that converge toward external goods."
0	"in\r    case that the jurisdiction has no such laws, regulations, rules and\r    standards or its laws, regulations, rules and standards are\r    unenforceable, the individual or the legal entity are required to\r    comply with core international labor standards.\r\r    3. the individual or the legal entity shall not induce, suggest or force\r    its employee(s), whether full-time or part-time, or its independent\r    contractor(s), in any methods, to agree in oral or written form, to\r    directly or indirectly restrict, weaken or relinquish his or her\r    rights or remedies under such laws, regulations, rules and standards\r    relating to labor and employment as mentioned above, no matter whether\r    such written or oral agreements are enforceable under the laws of the\r    said jurisdiction, nor shall such individual or the legal entity\r    limit, in any methods, the rights of its employee(s) or independent\r    contractor(s) from reporting or complaining to the copyright holder or\r    relevant authorities monitoring the compliance of the license about\r    its violation(s) of the said license.\r\r    the licensed work is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,\r    express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of\r    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.\r    in no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any claim,\r    damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or\r    otherwise, arising from, out of or in any way connection with the\r    licensed work or the use or other dealings in the licensed work.\r'"
0	"the identification that is common to market objects inscribes them as inalienable property, objects that are common to diverse desires."
0	"which is customized from square android style."
0	"the competition between beings placed in a state of rivalry governs their conflicts through an evaluation of market worth, the price, which expresses the importance of converging desires."
0	"real life is what people want to acquire."
0	"  We decompose the detection framework into different components and one can easily construct a customized object detection framework by combining different modules."
0	"the generality of the price is ensured by a monetary standard."
0	"this competition among the individuals\' lusts subordinates to the desires of others the price attached to the possession of a commodity."
0	"they are worthy when they are rich."
0	"in no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software."
0	"  besides of that, i implement a customized `nn.dataparallel ` module which enables different batch blob size on different gpus."
0	"optionally, install via the eclipse marketplace"
0	"- any kind of act, activity or business involving dangerous or controlled goods or substances, including stolen goods, firearms, radioactive materials or drugs."
0	"interviews with key environmental leaders in the clavey dispute reveal they were explicitly concerned with making the clavey a well-known issue, particularly among environmentally minded citizens in san francisco and nationwide, and among key elected officials such as national democratic congressional representatives who might endorse the opposition campaign."
0	"the public is a spectator when it receives certain information that may prompt a reaction of endorsement, opposition, or indifference."
0	"to reduce a rumor or an unconfirmed report to its proper proportions, one must resort to the "reactions of public opinion"."
0	"the opposition coalitions actively sought the endorsement of key legislators, and even took many legislators on rafting trips with the goal of letting them personally "experience" the clavey."
0	"the relation of inclusion among the worthy through their fame and their audience is expressed in terms of influence."
0	"justifications based on renown and public opinion ["renown" worth] while all orders of justifications involve arguments designed to gain public support, the standard for judgment and evaluation of arguments in the other orders is not the extent of public knowledge or renown itself."
0	"\nbeing recognized and identifying\n(reiation of worth)\nidentification,\nstrength."
0	"but then the public becomes an actor, for in most cases it will talk about that information to other publics to which it can communicate its opinion"."
0	"\'path\' has a very attractive menu sitting on the left bottom corner of the screen."
0	"the brand name makes it possible to crystallize a trend in public opinion, through a brand image."
0	"\nthe evidence of success (evidence) known."
0	"The brand name ERPNext and the logo are trademarks of Frappe Technologies Pvt."
0	"it is essential to "have the (company] leaders interviewed if they are well known; it is obvious that via a statement made or a position taken by mr. x, a big name, the company of which mr. x is president will be in the limelight"."
0	"    newsblur\'s followers are largely technical."
0	"justifications based on renown and public opinion ["renown" worth] while all orders of justifications involve arguments designed to gain public support, the standard for judgment and evaluation of arguments in the other orders is not the extent of public knowledge or renown itself."
0	"they are worthy and great when they are famous, recognized, successful, or convincing."
0	"however, both cases involve attempts at gaining media attention or influencing the impressions of an audience who might not know the issues in-depth."
0	"in the same way, "questioned by someone from outside his own company ... , the participant wants to be able to explain what his own role is, and to be respected everywhere, since part of the reputation of the company for which he works reflects back on him"."
0	"to reduce a rumor or an unconfirmed report to its proper proportions, one must resort to the "reactions of public opinion"."
0	"subjected to such influences, opinion creates fashion; it circulates the way a rumor does in a communications network, and thus imparts value to the beings of that nature whose fame spreads mutually from one to another: "if for example a company succeeds in inviting big names, stars, the reputation of those big names will carry over to the company itself"."
0	"to include others is to be recognized by others, to attract their attention, to convince them, to obtain respect from them, to earn or win their support."
0	"only a demonstration of the judgment of public opinion makes it possible to reduce the tension between the worth one attributes to oneself (ideal) and the worth that is attributed to one by others (real): "before undertaking any action at all on a brand image, it is important to know the real image (or the absence of a real image); to define with precision the ideal image that it would be desirable to promote"."
0	"but also the idea of lobbying     trying to influence legislators outside of public settings or even publicly announcing endorsements of any one side in the dispute     would rarely be considered legitimate in france, while it is often (but not always) considered a legitimate tactic in the united states."
0	"in the world of fame, there are few things that can consolidate and stabilize the relation between worth, which comes exclusively from the opinion of others, and the bearer of worth, an entity (person or thing) that is not qualified by properties scribed in its being in a lasting way."
0	"as a result, every act aimed at public opinion has to be carried out in relation to the least sophisticated sector, which implies that the same information must also be delivered to the most sophisticated sector"."
0	"mills goes further to argue against judging the project in terms of opinion at all; he believes opinion evaluations are dangerous because opinion is so fickle and so easily manipulated by "public affairs gurus" and "spin doctors" who know how to "push buttons" on "whatever   s popular right now"."
0	"persons who are receptive, receivers of the message, in tum become senders."
0	"to be known, one must agree to reveal everything, keep nothing back, hide nothing from one\'s public."
0	"the person that succeeds in breaking through, in capturing the attention of the public, includes and imparts reality to the being of those who, owing to the recognition that they grant that person, ensure his celebrity."
0	"having no secrets is the price paid, more generally, for reaching the state of worthiness in this world."
0	"if you enjoy octoprint, please consider becoming a regular supporter!**"
0	"to be unworthy, in the logic of public opinion, is to be banal (not to have been "debanalized"), "not to have any image at all, which in general signifies a complete ignorance of the product," or else to have an image that is fuzzy, degraded, faded, lost; to be forgotten or hidden, to encounter indifference or opposition, in short, to disappear": "certain companies struggle ... not to lose it [their image], not to disappear"."
0	"this kind of worth is based on nothing other than the number of individuals who grant their recognition."
0	"the famous singer of protest songs, renaud, made headlines when he came out against the tunnel, and he has continued to make dramatic public statements denouncing the tunnel."
0	"in this world in which everything that has value is immediately known and visible, persons are constantly making comparisons."
0	"\nfame (state of worthiness) reputed,\nrecognized, visible,\nsuccess (to have),\ndistinguish (oneself),\npersuasive, attention getting."
0	"similarly, "a good public relations policy may make it possible, for example, owing to good contacts with the press, to amplify \'good information.\'" "a public" thus plays "a dual role: spectator and actor."
0	"being acquainted with something is equivalent to having heard of it: "by virtue of hearing of [someone or something] in any number of ways, the public has the impression, even if it is not involved in a consumer relationship, that it knows [that person or thing] ."
0	"similarly, one must abstain from any "esotericism" (a mode of expression that has high value in the inspired world), for this mode is treated as a manifestation of ostracism with respect to the majority."
0	"he characterized them as professional adversaries of any dams, who for that reason should have no weight in local decision-making."
0	"the term strength, although it is ambiguous, is used in the manual we are referring to here, as it is in hobbes's canonical texts, especially in the evocation of the way in which a famous person encompasses his public and increases in stature in proportion to its support."
0	"\nfame (state of worthiness) reputed,\nrecognized, visible,\nsuccess (to have),\ndistinguish (oneself),\npersuasive, attention getting."
0	"these crisscrossed comparisons weave a network."
0	"but then the public becomes an actor, for in most cases it will talk about that information to other publics to which it can communicate its opinion"."
0	"the presentation may take the form of a press conference, "during which some important information is transmitted to journalists," or it may take the form of an inauguration or launching "that brings together big names, carefully chosen and important audiences, and journalists," and which makes it possible, while producing "as great a sensation as possible, ... to alert visitors and incite them to come in"."
0	"in this world in which everything that has value is immediately known and visible, persons are constantly making comparisons."
0	"\nnames in the media (objects) brand,\nmessage, sender,\nreceiver, campaign,\npublic relation, press,\ninterview, bulletin,\nmedium, brochure,\nmailing, badge,\naudiovisual,\natmosphere, setting."
0	"attracting the attention and influencing the opinion of politicians is another area of comparative difference."
0	"the presentation may take the form of a press conference, "during which some important information is transmitted to journalists," or it may take the form of an inauguration or launching "that brings together big names, carefully chosen and important audiences, and journalists," and which makes it possible, while producing "as great a sensation as possible, ... to alert visitors and incite them to come in"."
0	"this kind of worth is based on nothing other than the number of individuals who grant their recognition."
0	"but persons may also identify with objects that have been successful, and through these objects with the celebrities who have adopted and displayed them."
0	"to include others is to be recognized by others, to attract their attention, to convince them, to obtain respect from them, to earn or win their support."
0	"this nonessentialist and purely relational character of the worth of fame may be precisely what has encouraged its adoption as a universal standard of measure by the schools of thought within the social sciences that like to highlight the structural and relativist properties of the social world."
0	"in the world of fame, people may impose an order on beings and reach agreement in a just world by taking only the opinion of others into account."
0	"but there has been some reaction against the press treatment of the project, partly because the press were considered "parisian" and not local."
0	"he characterized them as professional adversaries of any dams, who for that reason should have no weight in local decision-making."
0	"if you enjoy octoprint, please consider becoming a regular supporter!**"
0	"for example, rafting companies active in fighting the dam had their guides talk to the customers about the dispute and (when they felt they had convinced them) ask them to write letters to their representatives and to ferc."
0	"\nfame (state of worthiness) reputed,\nrecognized, visible,\nsuccess (to have),\ndistinguish (oneself),\npersuasive, attention getting."
0	"indeed, in the world of public opinion, what is known is what is already obvious, and, conversely, what is either unknown to the majority (esoteric) or indistinguishable and lacking in relief is debatable."
0	"fame establishes worth."
0	"thus "every satisfied driver identifies with his car and \'defends\' it against judgments formulated by others"."
0	"the reality of public opinion (higher common principle)\ others (the), public (the, at large)."
0	"talking about something, mentioning it, dropping a name, and publishing a book are all ways of "getting a message across," of releasing, spreading a piece of information."
0	"the clavey dispute, advocates for both sides had at their disposal a well-developed set of tools (used in political disputes of all sorts in the united states) for generating public and media attention, such as a fax network for press releases, slick bumper stickers (the opposition   s read simply: "save the clavey"), guest editorials sent out to newspapers for consideration, slide shows, newsletters and mass mailings, endorsement campaigns and announcements, and a distinctly american form of pamphlet, the "alert"."
0	"however, arrangements of worth may include persons who are neither big names nor their jam but who serve as judges responsible for focusing attention on the worth established by fame."
0	"the most worthy include the others because the latter identify with the former, as the fan identifies with the star."
0	"she contends, "i think it was very threatening when [tid] saw that the clavey was getting this kind of attention"."
0	""the public has a real allergy to secrets"."
0	"beings achieve worth only if the presentation is made visible, in a transparent space in which it can be looked at and compared."
0	"indeed, in the world of public opinion, what is known is what is already obvious, and, conversely, what is either unknown to the majority (esoteric) or indistinguishable and lacking in relief is debatable."
0	"the relation of inclusion among the worthy through their fame and their audience is expressed in terms of influence."
0	"persons who are receptive, receivers of the message, in tum become senders."
0	"another project supporter, shirley campbell, also acknowledged the importance of opinion on a local level."
0	"the brand name makes it possible to crystallize a trend in public opinion, through a brand image."
0	"Chrome\'s vast user base makes it the most attractive target for threat actors and security researchers."
0	"for example, rafting companies active in fighting the dam had their guides talk to the customers about the dispute and (when they felt they had convinced them) ask them to write letters to their representatives and to ferc."
0	"fame establishes worth."
0	"such a person "takes on the potential strength of each of his audiences" and manifests that strength by concentrating it in himself."
0	"but also the idea of lobbying     trying to influence legislators outside of public settings or even publicly announcing endorsements of any one side in the dispute     would rarely be considered legitimate in france, while it is often (but not always) considered a legitimate tactic in the united states."
0	"this is the case, for example, with opinion leaders "whose opinion prevails and who determine public opinion," journalists who judge whether or not public opinion is "receptive" or not, public relations agents, hostesses, spokesperson, and press agents."
0	"she helped start the wise use group tucare partly because she wanted to counter the loud publicity from the environmentalists."
0	"mills attempts to play down the national renown of the clavey by pointing out that most of the people who wrote opposition letters were "outsiders" who would never see the river and had no "stake" in the dispute."
0	"she helped start the wise use group tucare partly because she wanted to counter the loud publicity from the environmentalists."
0	"communicating an opinion to the largest possible number of persons allows fame to spread by contagion; this is accomplished within an arrangement that includes a "sender, a receiver, and a medium, an intermediary charged with conveying the message to its intended audience"."
0	"the term strength, although it is ambiguous, is used in the manual we are referring to here, as it is in hobbes's canonical texts, especially in the evocation of the way in which a famous person encompasses his public and increases in stature in proportion to its support."
0	"in the same way, "questioned by someone from outside his own company ... , the participant wants to be able to explain what his own role is, and to be respected everywhere, since part of the reputation of the company for which he works reflects back on him"."
0	"\nthe evidence of success (evidence) known."
0	"rooted in the world of fame (and not in the industrial or market world), a business enterprise can be thus defined as a sender addressing a receiver: "the sender, that is, the company, and the receiver, that is, the public"."
0	"again, the denunciations of these renown tactics also reveal the significance of public attention in contributing to the fate of the project."
0	"* view user followers, following, and organizations"
0	"the measurement of people's worth depends on conventional signs of public esteem."
0	"it is opinion that establishes equivalence, and the worth of each being depends on the opinion of others: to a large extent, the reactions "of public opinion determine success"."
0	"attracting the attention and influencing the opinion of politicians is another area of comparative difference."
0	"worth is nothing but the result of other people's opinion in the world of renown."
0	"* view user followers, following, and organizations"
0	"in the same way, "questioned by someone from outside his own company ... , the participant wants to be able to explain what his own role is, and to be respected everywhere, since part of the reputation of the company for which he works reflects back on him"."
0	"the brand name makes it possible to crystallize a trend in public opinion, through a brand image."
0	"\nthe desire to be recognized (digni1)\nself-love, respect (desire for)."
0	"since the target audience is developers, i opted to leave some parts a little less user-friendly, such as the `settings.py` config system."
0	"the reality of public opinion (higher common principle)\ others (the), public (the, at large)."
0	"fame establishes worth."
0	"similarly, "a good public relations policy may make it possible, for example, owing to good contacts with the press, to amplify \'good information.\'" "a public" thus plays "a dual role: spectator and actor."
0	"    newsblur\'s followers are largely technical."
0	"however, arrangements of worth may include persons who are neither big names nor their jam but who serve as judges responsible for focusing attention on the worth established by fame."
0	"she helped start the wise use group tucare partly because she wanted to counter the loud publicity from the environmentalists."
0	"access to fame, which is potentially possible from one day to the next for any being, however lacking in resources it may be, can also be supported by an arrangement of objects."
0	"but persons may also identify with objects that have been successful, and through these objects with the celebrities who have adopted and displayed them."
0	"the regular publication of surveys thus contributes to ensuring the transparency of the state of worthiness of famous beings who cannot hide the fluctuations of their standing."
0	"these crisscrossed comparisons weave a network."
0	"  * hall of fame of the best individuals that lived in the population"
0	"the relation of inclusion among the worthy through their fame and their audience is expressed in terms of influence."
0	"he characterized them as professional adversaries of any dams, who for that reason should have no weight in local decision-making."
0	"the demonstration is patent when this convergence is visible owing to the affluence of the world and can thus amplify itself on its own like a fashion: "it is well known that the world attracts the world and that the circus atmosphere (in the good sense) is always a safe bet"."
0	"but there has been some reaction against the press treatment of the project, partly because the press were considered "parisian" and not local."
0	"It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive statistical graphics."
0	"being acquainted with something is equivalent to having heard of it: "by virtue of hearing of [someone or something] in any number of ways, the public has the impression, even if it is not involved in a consumer relationship, that it knows [that person or thing] ."
0	"people are all capable of reaching that state because they share the property of being moved by self-love."
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"if you enjoy octoprint, please consider becoming a regular supporter!**"
0	"persuasion\n(relationships)\ninfluence, convince,\nsensitize, attract,\nseduce, hook,\npenetrate, capture,\nlaunch, emit,\ncirculate (cause to),\npropagate, \norient, amplify, talk about, cite."
0	""a demonstration serves as a medium, from the vehicle to the message, obvious or implied, which makes it possible to achieve the desired goal."
0	"to make oneself known, it is a good idea to have a name, or, for products, a brand name, inscribed on a medium such as a label or a badge."
0	"  * hall of fame of the best individuals that lived in the population"
0	"## audience of django-shop users"
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"to reduce a rumor or an unconfirmed report to its proper proportions, one must resort to the "reactions of public opinion"."
0	"selflove is what creates their dignity as human beings."
0	"to reduce a rumor or an unconfirmed report to its proper proportions, one must resort to the "reactions of public opinion"."
0	"indeed, in the world of public opinion, what is known is what is already obvious, and, conversely, what is either unknown to the majority (esoteric) or indistinguishable and lacking in relief is debatable."
0	"much attention was given by the media to a visit by senator barbara boxer to the region, when she came out against the dam."
0	"the denunciation of these publicity efforts by the dam proponents also suggests the relevance and power of opinion claims."
0	"mills goes further to argue against judging the project in terms of opinion at all; he believes opinion evaluations are dangerous because opinion is so fickle and so easily manipulated by "public affairs gurus" and "spin doctors" who know how to "push buttons" on "whatever   s popular right now"."
0	"for example, rafting companies active in fighting the dam had their guides talk to the customers about the dispute and (when they felt they had convinced them) ask them to write letters to their representatives and to ferc."
0	"\nindifference and banality (the fau)\nhidden,\nindifference (encounter), banal, forgotten, fuzzy image, deteriorated,\nfaded, lost."
0	"Chrome\'s vast user base makes it the most attractive target for threat actors and security researchers."
0	"in fact, those who have heard about something become its echoes, retransmit it, guaranteeing its repercussions; they convey information, they maintain the image, by multiplying and amplifying the message as a "center of resonance"."
0	"\nbeing recognized and identifying\n(reiation of worth)\nidentification,\nstrength."
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"in fact, those who have heard about something become its echoes, retransmit it, guaranteeing its repercussions; they convey information, they maintain the image, by multiplying and amplifying the message as a "center of resonance"."
0	"The brand name ERPNext and the logo are trademarks of Frappe Technologies Pvt."
0	"it is hence entirely unrelated to the realm of personal dependencies and it is not linked to the person's self-esteem."
0	"turning the press into an instrument ensures the objectification of this demonstration by its repercussions, the sensation that is produced: "the press is generally quick to echo the rumor and unconfirmed reports it picks up"."
0	"also, there has been quite a lot of national and international press coverage of the large protests against the project."
0	"the opposition coalitions actively sought the endorsement of key legislators, and even took many legislators on rafting trips with the goal of letting them personally "experience" the clavey."
0	"\nthe evidence of success (evidence) known."
0	"\nfame (state of worthiness) reputed,\nrecognized, visible,\nsuccess (to have),\ndistinguish (oneself),\npersuasive, attention getting."
0	"consequently, the message may take on the form of a true message, it may communicate some information, or it may be only an ambiance, a climate that is created and that acts almost unconsciously on the audience present"."
0	"*note: to scrape a private user\'s media you must be an approved follower."
0	"the tools that help establish the worth of fame include brochures, flyers, booklets, magazines, newsletters, books, public relation offices, audiovisual productions, press releases, and interviews."
0	"in this world in which everything that has value is immediately known and visible, persons are constantly making comparisons."
0	"this advertisement for the river then paid crucial dividends in the form of pressure on the dam proponents to recognize that not just the politicians were against the dam but also masses of people from throughout the state and nation, many of whom wrote letters to government calling for a halt to the project."
0	"as instruments for the worth of fame, objects that represent compromises with the industrial and civic worlds may be used, for example, public opinion surveys; by means of an industrial apparatus, these supply a "yardstick for opinion" or for the penetration of a message, that is, "the fraction expressed in terms of the percentage of a population reached by a given medium"."
0	"this nonessentialist and purely relational character of the worth of fame may be precisely what has encouraged its adoption as a universal standard of measure by the schools of thought within the social sciences that like to highlight the structural and relativist properties of the social world."
0	"    newsblur\'s followers are largely technical."
0	"## audience of django-shop users"
0	"interviews with key environmental leaders in the clavey dispute reveal they were explicitly concerned with making the clavey a well-known issue, particularly among environmentally minded citizens in san francisco and nationwide, and among key elected officials such as national democratic congressional representatives who might endorse the opposition campaign."
0	"in the world of fame, people may impose an order on beings and reach agreement in a just world by taking only the opinion of others into account."
0	"  * hall of fame of the best individuals that lived in the population"
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"* 25 ready-made social badges using brand colors"
0	"they are worthy and great when they are famous, recognized, successful, or convincing."
0	"public relations offices are used to stimulate the process by creating "a network of free press agents"."
0	"\nthe desire to be recognized (digni1)\nself-love, respect (desire for)."
0	"also, there has been quite a lot of national and international press coverage of the large protests against the project."
0	"* 25 ready-made social badges using brand colors"
0	"a being of great fame creates a public, constitutes it as such, just as much as that being is created by its public."
0	"much attention was given by the media to a visit by senator barbara boxer to the region, when she came out against the dam."
0	"communicating an opinion to the largest possible number of persons allows fame to spread by contagion; this is accomplished within an arrangement that includes a "sender, a receiver, and a medium, an intermediary charged with conveying the message to its intended audience"."
0	"again, the denunciations of these renown tactics also reveal the significance of public attention in contributing to the fate of the project."
0	"\nstars and their fans (subjects) personality (a famous), opinion leader, spokesperson,\nrelay, journalist,\npublic relations agent."
0	"this is the case, for example, with opinion leaders "whose opinion prevails and who determine public opinion," journalists who judge whether or not public opinion is "receptive" or not, public relations agents, hostesses, spokesperson, and press agents."
0	"in the world of public opinion, judgment is in fact manifested by the convergence of opinions that produce a rumor, an unconfirmed report."
0	"the reality of public opinion (higher common principle)\ others (the), public (the, at large)."
0	"having no secrets is the price paid, more generally, for reaching the state of worthiness in this world."
0	"the judgment may be supported, as we have already seen, by survey techniques that allow the establishment of a measure, a standing that helps reassure the celebrities of the undeniable worth that they are afforded by the recognition granted them."
0	"as a guide we used a training book in public relations, principes et techniques des relations publiques."
0	"however, both cases involve attempts at gaining media attention or influencing the impressions of an audience who might not know the issues in-depth."
0	"they are worthy and great when they are famous, recognized, successful, or convincing."
0	"for example, rafting companies active in fighting the dam had their guides talk to the customers about the dispute and (when they felt they had convinced them) ask them to write letters to their representatives and to ferc."
0	"subjected to such influences, opinion creates fashion; it circulates the way a rumor does in a communications network, and thus imparts value to the beings of that nature whose fame spreads mutually from one to another: "if for example a company succeeds in inviting big names, stars, the reputation of those big names will carry over to the company itself"."
0	"similarly, "a good public relations policy may make it possible, for example, owing to good contacts with the press, to amplify \'good information.\'" "a public" thus plays "a dual role: spectator and actor."
0	"it is hence entirely unrelated to the realm of personal dependencies and it is not linked to the person's self-esteem."
0	"this is the case, for example, with opinion leaders "whose opinion prevails and who determine public opinion," journalists who judge whether or not public opinion is "receptive" or not, public relations agents, hostesses, spokesperson, and press agents."
0	"an effective arrangement, a good campaign that makes it possible to plant an image, thus presupposes "a medium that is perfectly adapted to a specific message and capable of putting this message in the best light"."
0	"to establish a relation of influence, one has to hook, attract, alert, gain a following (fans) or a reputation, persuade, reach, sensitize, mobilize, interest, inform, seduce."
0	"but then the public becomes an actor, for in most cases it will talk about that information to other publics to which it can communicate its opinion"."
0	"the world of fame\nunlike the domestic world, but similar in this respect to the market world, the world of public opinion places little value on memory."
0	"in the world of public opinion, worthy beings are the ones that distinguish themselves, are visible, famous, recognized: their visibility depends on their more or less attention-getting, persuasive, informative character."
0	"in this world in which everything that has value is immediately known and visible, persons are constantly making comparisons."
0	"she helped start the wise use group tucare partly because she wanted to counter the loud publicity from the environmentalists."
0	"* 25 ready-made social badges using brand colors"
0	"\nthe public image (figures) audience,\ntarget, positioning."
0	"she helped start the wise use group tucare partly because she wanted to counter the loud publicity from the environmentalists."
0	"in the world of public opinion, the relation of worth is a relation of identification."
0	"also, there has been quite a lot of national and international press coverage of the large protests against the project."
0	"mills attempts to play down the national renown of the clavey by pointing out that most of the people who wrote opposition letters were "outsiders" who would never see the river and had no "stake" in the dispute."
0	"\nindifference and banality (the fau)\nhidden,\nindifference (encounter), banal, forgotten, fuzzy image, deteriorated,\nfaded, lost."
0	"this kind of worth is based on nothing other than the number of individuals who grant their recognition."
0	"the public is a spectator when it receives certain information that may prompt a reaction of endorsement, opposition, or indifference."
0	"attracting the attention and influencing the opinion of politicians is another area of comparative difference."
0	"the person that succeeds in breaking through, in capturing the attention of the public, includes and imparts reality to the being of those who, owing to the recognition that they grant that person, ensure his celebrity."
0	"this kind of worth is based on nothing other than the number of individuals who grant their recognition."
0	"to include others is to be recognized by others, to attract their attention, to convince them, to obtain respect from them, to earn or win their support."
0	"the right way of making relations is, then, to influence, to identify oneself to somebody, to appeal to or to speak about somebody, or to gossip and spread rumors."
0	"to be unworthy, in the logic of public opinion, is to be banal (not to have been "debanalized"), "not to have any image at all, which in general signifies a complete ignorance of the product," or else to have an image that is fuzzy, degraded, faded, lost; to be forgotten or hidden, to encounter indifference or opposition, in short, to disappear": "certain companies struggle ... not to lose it [their image], not to disappear"."
0	"rooted in the world of fame (and not in the industrial or market world), a business enterprise can be thus defined as a sender addressing a receiver: "the sender, that is, the company, and the receiver, that is, the public"."
0	"mills goes further to argue against judging the project in terms of opinion at all; he believes opinion evaluations are dangerous because opinion is so fickle and so easily manipulated by "public affairs gurus" and "spin doctors" who know how to "push buttons" on "whatever   s popular right now"."
0	"persons are relevant inasmuch as they form a public whose "opinion prevails," a public "that creates public opinion" and thereby constitutes the only "true" reality: "isn't an opinion also a reality?""
0	"justifications based on renown and public opinion ["renown" worth] while all orders of justifications involve arguments designed to gain public support, the standard for judgment and evaluation of arguments in the other orders is not the extent of public knowledge or renown itself."
0	"  * hall of fame of the best individuals that lived in the population"
0	"the clavey dispute, advocates for both sides had at their disposal a well-developed set of tools (used in political disputes of all sorts in the united states) for generating public and media attention, such as a fax network for press releases, slick bumper stickers (the opposition   s read simply: "save the clavey"), guest editorials sent out to newspapers for consideration, slide shows, newsletters and mass mailings, endorsement campaigns and announcements, and a distinctly american form of pamphlet, the "alert"."
0	"justifications based on renown and public opinion ["renown" worth] while all orders of justifications involve arguments designed to gain public support, the standard for judgment and evaluation of arguments in the other orders is not the extent of public knowledge or renown itself."
0	"mills attempts to play down the national renown of the clavey by pointing out that most of the people who wrote opposition letters were "outsiders" who would never see the river and had no "stake" in the dispute."
0	"* 25 ready-made social badges using brand colors"
0	"the reality of public opinion (higher common principle)\ others (the), public (the, at large)."
0	""the public has a real allergy to secrets"."
0	"this is the feature andy warhol was alluding to in his famous announcement that a world is coming in which "everyone will have fifteen minutes of fame"."
0	"while public opinion is also at stake in the somport case, the goal of generating media attention and public notoriety is less explicitly pursued by the participants, and the mechanisms for renown are much less developed."
0	"<model test> people cannot be judged on the basis of a single project, because their status reveals itself in the model test and this, as we already know, is the transition from one project to the next."
0	"tron is a project dedicated to building the infrastructure for a truly decentralized internet."
0	"* style shifting (described in this project)"
0	"the project head is precisely the one who proves capable of making connections between very different zones of expertise."
0	"cactus makes it easy to relatively link to pages and static assets inside your project by using the template tags"
0	"in such a context, everyone can \'constantly and increasingly improve their employability, both through these technical skills and their ability for teamwork, even and especially when these teams are flexible, neural, and rarely made up of the same individuals."
0	"in respect of links, it\'s all one."
0	"in this anthropology, all women and all men are beings of contacts and relations: \'attachment is not the result of a libidinal or learning process ."
0	"to this end they must not be timid, or - which boils down to the same thing - so proud as not to take the first step for fear of rejection."
0	"in this instance, distance with respect to ownership does not derive from some ascetic contempt for material goods, which it is perfectly licit to have at one\'s disposal and to enjoy, but is simply the result of the need to streamline oneself so that one can move around easily."
0	"you can manually drag it from "products" under your fake framework project to"
0	"by way of sanction, links can always be unilaterally withdrawn by those with whom they are made."
0	"but since projects are by their very nature temporary, the ability to disengage from a project in order to be available for new connections counts as much as the capacity for engagement, even at the peak of engagement, enthusiasm, involvement in a project, people at ease in a network world remain \'adaptable, physically and intellectually mobile!"
0	"it follows that in such a world the mechanisms of justice are essentially preventive."
0	"mediator, project head <repertoire of subjects> coach, expert, customer, supplier, innovator"
0	"first of all, it is important on the level of justice that all human beings have the ability to achieve better conditions, and only a definition of human nature guarantees the sharing of this ability by the whole of humanity."
0	"the question of a city\'s anchorage in a definition of nature is a crucial one."
0	"this is a script which generates a list of compiler flags from a project with an arbitrary build system."
0	"functioning in networks also satisfies the highly human characteristic of wanting to be simultaeously free and engaged: \'[a]ll of us make commitments."
0	"the great man renounces having a single project that lasts a lifetime (a vocation, a profession, a marriage, etc."
0	"the great man in the projective city retains the initiative in his projects, and knows how to take nsks in order to make connections, to be forever making new contacts that are full of possibilities: \'thus, the idea of a link seems to pros rather like a vein or seam to exploit, in tile manner of a gold prospecter, you never quite know what is at the end of it."
0	"accordingly, tension between the requisite commitment and the indicated outcome appears surmountable."
0	"in a projective city, the general equivalent - what the status of persons and things is measured by - is activity."
0	"always on the lookout, great men refuse to be impeded by rigid plans, for to follow such plans could result in squandering the opportunity for interesting connections."
0	"that is why he prefers to renounce official power in favour of network forms of power, freed of the constraints of supervision, invigilation, management, representation, and respect for the state rules regulating the use of goods and the management of human beings."
0	"prepared for change and capable of new investments, in order to increase their \'ability to respond to a changing world\' (crozier and serieyx, 1994)."
0	"we still have to clarify two elements that are crucial for the implementation of justice in a rhizomorphous world - what the grammar we are employing calls the <formula of investment> as well as the <model test>."
0	"You can use Gitter to communicate with people who are also interested in Auto-Keras."
0	"closure of the network <decline of the city> corruption, privileges, buddy-buddy relationships, mafia"
0	"in this sense, all the sacrifices that are made have the effect of enhancing the streamlined character of entities - of persons, but also of things - in order to favour their reorganization when the next project comes along."
0	"in this way, we can distinguish between (a) links that are highly probable but largely unproductive, such as those established between the members of a clique, where the connections are compact and within everyone\'s reach, but define a self-enclosed set; (b) very probable but nevertheless productive links, in the sense that they open on to the outside world, such as the links that popularizers or journalists make; (c) links that are very unlikely but also very unproductive, such as those established by the misunderstood forerunner or, worse, the crank or madman who,\nfinding no one to follow him, cannot operate as a key holder; and finally (d) links that are simultaneously unlikely and highly productive, which create the status of the innovator or audacious project head."
0	"\nconnection <natural relations between beings> connecting, communicating, co-ordinating, adjusting to others, trusting\nin a connexionist world, a natural preoccupation of human beings is the desire to connect with others, to make contact, to make connections, so as not to remain isolated."
0	"what all these exceptional beings have in common is that they are in a position to explore the links with the richest opportunities, those that will extend the network furthest, which are defined largely by the distance they surmount."
0	"but such equally are customers, suppliers and subcontractors when they enter into relations of partnership."
0	"<model tests> are just as necessary for fulfilling the requirements of justice, and for their inscription in the fabric of everyday relations."
0	"functioning in networks also satisfies the highly human characteristic of wanting to be simultaeously free and engaged: \'[a]ll of us make commitments."
0	"in very general terms, this is true of all those who, playing an active role in the expansion and animation of networks, act as mediators, whether characterized as strategic brokers able to \'make strategic exchanges outside of hierarchy and boundaries\' (aubrey, 1994), as partners of the third kind (archier et al, 1989), or as tangential contributors."
0	"appraisal is positive in the case of those who, having enhanced their reputation in the course of the project they are leaving, succeed in integrating themselves into a new one."
0	"activity aims to generate projects, or to achieve integration into projects initiated by others."
0	"for by establishing people in a situation of continuity, they make it possible to avoid the quintessential tests represented by the moments of transition from one project to another."
0	"in very general terms, this is true of all those who, playing an active role in the expansion and animation of networks, act as mediators, whether characterized as strategic brokers able to \'make strategic exchanges outside of hierarchy and boundaries\' (aubrey, 1994), as partners of the third kind (archier et al, 1989), or as tangential contributors."
0	"adaptability <formula of investment> being streamlined, flexibility, tolerance, renting\' "
0	"the excluded person is someone who depends on others, but on whom no one any longer depends, who is not wanted by anyone, who is no longer sought after, no longer invited, who, even if his address book is full of names, has disappeared from other people\'s address books."
0	"they are determined exclusively by factors deriving from the situation and connections they are caught up in, which completely define them."
0	"for java projects, to use this library, add this to your build.gradle file:"
0	"the elements of grammar we have just laid out clarify the principle of equivalence on which the projective city is based, and the way it can be employed to characterize persons and things, and to define the conditions of great man or little person."
0	"Edit a Java file from your project."
0	"move to the folder where you have the project, and call:"
0	"the great man in a connexionist world is active and autonomous."
0	"he leaves that to others, for he prefers autonomy to security."
0	"all these qualities make them leaders of teams that they manage not in authoritarian fashion, but by listening to others, with tolerance, recognizing and respecting differences."
0	"the verdict delivered on the quality of a link does not take into account only the distance that it has made it possible to bridge - that is to say, its ex-ante probability (less likely links being more prized than very likely ones)."
0	"you are welcomed to add more test cases to this project, increasing the"
0	"this is the case with large bodies: \'for large bodies are today anti-networks inasmuch as they exercise authority over their members in order to further their own objectives\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"given that trust and relational qualities are the cement of projects, the unemployable ones are those who do not know how to inspire trust, or cannot be trusted because they do not deliver what is expected of them, or do not circulate the information they possess and are \'out for themselves\' - which is a form of dishonesty in their engagement (opportunism)."
0	"the ability to trend usage patterns on a global scale, yet decompose them down to a region, availability zone, or service team provides incredible flexibility."
0	"he knows how to \'be attentive to others in order to identify signs that will make it possible to intervene advisedly in uncertain situations\'; he possesses \'the ability to control and alter self-presentation, which can extend to a capacity for improvizing appropriately, even for "lying without qualms" if necessary\', as well as the \'desire and ability to adjust his own actions with ease, in order to adapt to different people\'."
0	"in so doing, creators of links temporarily find themselves in the position of keyholder, since all those who in turn want to cross the boundaries they have traversed will, for a certain period of time, have to go through them."
0	"for a quick overview of the project structure, installation instructions and"
0	"in the case of the projective city, the <harmonious figure of natural order> is obviously the network, or rather, the networks that have always existed in the life of human beings."
0	"they are capable of optimizing the use they make of their scarcest resource - time - by selecting their relationships with discrimination and, in particular, by avoiding linking up with people who occupy kindred positions, and are thus likely to contribute superfluous information and connections: \'given that one can\'t do everything, what should one concentrate on?"
0	"they may erode our freedom to act autonomously, but in return they provide some meaning in our lives and on the job."
0	"in this instance, distance with respect to ownership does not derive from some ascetic contempt for material goods, which it is perfectly licit to have at one\'s disposal and to enjoy, but is simply the result of the need to streamline oneself so that one can move around easily."
0	"the desire to connect is a basic property of human nature."
0	"the city falls when the network is no longer extended and, closing in on itself, benefits some people, but no longer serves the public good."
0	"what all these exceptional beings have in common is that they are in a position to explore the links with the richest opportunities, those that will extend the network furthest, which are defined largely by the distance they surmount."
0	"what all these exceptional beings have in common is that they are in a position to explore the links with the richest opportunities, those that will extend the network furthest, which are defined largely by the distance they surmount."
0	"#### updating your project to use the new scripts"
0	"in so doing, creators of links temporarily find themselves in the position of keyholder, since all those who in turn want to cross the boundaries they have traversed will, for a certain period of time, have to go through them."
0	"- any kind of act, activity or business that requires any kind of governmental authorization or license to legally occur or exist, without previously obtaining such authorization or license;"
0	"anthropology and naturalness in the projective city"
0	"* create *volley.jar* and include as *jar dependency* to your project."
0	"experts also enjoy high status in the projective city because their competence, which is indispensable, is composed not of standardized knowledge but of personal, integrated knowledge."
0	""**google\'s neural machine translation system: bridging the gap between human and machine translation**"."
0	"* view organization public repositories and activity"
0	"many open source software projects use git, java, and maven, but requiring docker is less common."
0	"to succeed, they must trust and be trusted, know how to communicate discuss openly, and also be capable of adjusting to other people and situations\' depending on what the latter demand of them, without being held back; timidity, rigidity or mistrust."
0	"but such equally are customers, suppliers and subcontractors when they enter into relations of partnership."
0	"they must anticipate the possibility of failure by relying on predictive indicators."
0	"but in contrast to what we observe in the industrial city, where activity merges with work and the active are quintessentially those who have stable, productive waged work, activity in the projective city surmounts the oppositions between work and non-work, the stable and the unstable, wage-earning class and non-wage-earning class, paid work and voluntary work, that which may be assessed in terms of productivity and that which, not being measurable, eludes calculable assessment."
0	"in this instance, distance with respect to ownership does not derive from some ascetic contempt for material goods, which it is perfectly licit to have at one\'s disposal and to enjoy, but is simply the result of the need to streamline oneself so that one can move around easily."
0	"to this end they must not be timid, or - which boils down to the same thing - so proud as not to take the first step for fear of rejection."
0	"the ability to trend usage patterns on a global scale, yet decompose them down to a region, availability zone, or service team provides incredible flexibility."
0	"alternatively, you can also install from source of this git repository, which will give you more flexibility in developing on top of stanfordnlp and training your own models."
0	"when they engage in a project, everyone concerned knows that the undertaking to which they are about to contribute is destined to last not a limited period of time - that it not only can, but must, come to an end."
0	"  - simple none parent-child communication and parent-child communication "
0	"likewise inferior are those who do not know how to communicate, because they are impervious or have fixed ideas, are authoritarian and intolerant, making them incapable if compromise. they resemble all \'the office "miseries", the sullen types, the individualists who withdraw into themselves, never go out, don\'t participate in the end-of-year drinks, shun cocktails, return to the hotel pronto, and plant themselves in front of the tele, that absolute "network-killer\'" (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"utterly different things can be assimilated to the term \'project\': opening a new factory, closing one, carrying out art-engineering project, putting on a play. each of them is a project, and they all involve the same heroism."
0	"rigidity, which, as the converse of flexibility, in this world constitutes the main failing of little people, can have different origins."
0	"mindsdb\'s goal is to give developers easy access to the power of artificial neural networks for their projects.[!"
0	"the project head thus provides employability, and develops for others \'in the firm a network of personal relations that they can count on in the event of unforeseen problems\' (landier, 1991)."
0	"the desire to connect is a basic property of human nature."
0	"by way of sanction, links can always be unilaterally withdrawn by those with whom they are made."
0	"<model test> people cannot be judged on the basis of a single project, because their status reveals itself in the model test and this, as we already know, is the transition from one project to the next."
0	"experts also enjoy high status in the projective city because their competence, which is indispensable, is composed not of standardized knowledge but of personal, integrated knowledge."
0	"libraries used in this project"
0	"many open source software projects use git, java, and maven, but requiring docker is less common."
0	"underlying these different forms of renunciation, we find a more basic sacrifice: that of personality, in the sense of a manner of being that expresses itself in similar attitudes and conduct whatever the circumstances."
0	"\'the image of the chameleon is a tempting one for describing the pro, who knows how to conduct his relationships in order to reach other people more easily \'" adaptability is the key to the network spirit (efforts have to be made to take the first step), (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"they do not keep what they garner via their connections for themselves, with the result that the good network remains open and expands continuously, to the maximum benefit of all."
0	"experts also enjoy high status in the projective city because their competence, which is indispensable, is composed not of standardized knowledge but of personal, integrated knowledge."
0	"almost all the magic now happens in either `tile` or `tileview` - if you understand those 2 classes, you understand the majority of the project."
0	"activity, projects, extension of the network, proliferation of connections <common superior principle>"
0	"those from whom nothing is to be expected are avoided, kept at a distance or, more simply, ignored."
0	"it is sometimes necessary to turn round and go back, give up en route, go and look elsewhere\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"the moment for its rehabilitation has now arrived: in the traditional firm, it had an unofficial, even clandestine character, which was deemed subversive of the official hierarchical organization."
0	"the numerous tools of analytical provenance integrated into the projective city thus aim to develop realism: they serve to look reality in the face - including (or especially) the reality of desire, treated as one datum among others - but also, by the same token, to recognize the limits placed on desire by reality."
0	"so you can freely extend existing commands in a project without needing access to the source code that created them."
0	"but such equally are customers, suppliers and subcontractors when they enter into relations of partnership."
0	"it is sometimes necessary to turn round and go back, give up en route, go and look elsewhere\' (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"thus, it can be said of \'social and family networks\' that \'this capital represents relations which, in addition to satisfaction on a human level, offer a potential contribution to the enterprise envisaged\' (aubrey, 1994). but while connections with members of the extended family, assimilated to a network, can prove profitable, the restricted family, like the group of \'old mates\' or the clique of \'office neighbours\', preserves the tie to old, superseded connections, and by that token represents a burden, a handicap."
0	"life is conceived as a succession of projects; and the more they differ from one another, the more valuable they are."
0	"The projective city as we have just described it allows us to underline the main themes of justification in a world conceived as a network."
0	"anything can attain the status of a project, including ventures hostile to capitalism."
0	"the numerous tools of analytical provenance integrated into the projective city thus aim to develop realism: they serve to look reality in the face - including (or especially) the reality of desire, treated as one datum among others - but also, by the same token, to recognize the limits placed on desire by reality."
0	"you are welcomed to add more test cases to this project, increasing the"
0	"likewise inferior are those who do not know how to communicate, because they are impervious or have fixed ideas, are authoritarian and intolerant, making them incapable if compromise. they resemble all \'the office "miseries", the sullen types, the individualists who withdraw into themselves, never go out, don\'t participate in the end-of-year drinks, shun cocktails, return to the hotel pronto, and plant themselves in front of the tele, that absolute "network-killer\'" (bellenger, 1992)."
0	"when it comes to links, to invest effort is to give up what one already has for an uncertain alternative: not to shut oneself away in pre-established links, so that one is available to tryout new connections that might fail."
0	"libraries used in this project"
0	"depending on the case, such trust can be, founded on situations that were experienced in common in the past, on belonging to the same institution, on the existence of a common objective or project, on relations of friendship or mutual respect, even on mere complicity derived from being connected to the same communications network."
0	"they write to people in the public eye to express their admiration and request advice or a meeting."
0	"from this standpoint, mediation is a value in itself, or rather, in the conceptual framework employed here, a specific status of which each actor is liable to take advantage when \'putting people in contact\', \'making connections\', thereby helping to \'construct networks\'."
0	"their authority depends exclusively on their competence."
0	"at ease where he finds himself, he also knows how to be local."
0	"closed networks that call a halt to their own extension, and which are appropriated for the exclusive benefit of \'those who are in on them\', are also dangerous: \'it would be a mistake to think that every network automatically favours enterprise and development, as is clearly indicated by the dramatic events marking italy\'s attempts to restructure an economy engulfed by networks of corruption."
0	"those without a project who no longer explore networks are threatened with exclusion - that is to say, in effect, with death in a reticular universe."
0	"<model tests> are just as necessary for fulfilling the requirements of justice, and for their inscription in the fabric of everyday relations."
0	"it follows that in such a world the mechanisms of justice are essentially preventive."
0	"feel free to adapt, change, ignore, or even challenge everything we write!"
0	"it imposes itself on entities, whether human or non-human, even if actors are not conscious of it: \'organization in networks is not something new; it has always existed, like the prose that monsieur jourdain composed unawares\' (landier, 1991)."
0	"from this standpoint, mediation is a value in itself, or rather, in the conceptual framework employed here, a specific status of which each actor is liable to take advantage when \'putting people in contact\', \'making connections\', thereby helping to \'construct networks\'."
0	"rigidity, which, as the converse of flexibility, in this world constitutes the main failing of little people, can have different origins."
0	"in this city, the great man is a \'plunderer of ideas\' (serieyx, 1993)."
0	"in very general terms, this is true of all those who, playing an active role in the expansion and animation of networks, act as mediators, whether characterized as strategic brokers able to \'make strategic exchanges outside of hierarchy and boundaries\' (aubrey, 1994), as partners of the third kind (archier et al, 1989), or as tangential contributors."
0	"feel free to adapt, change, ignore, or even challenge everything we write!"
0	"in fact, links are a form of capital that does not belong to those who have the use of them."
0	"\' our \'deep desire for autonomy and self-reliance [is] combined with an equally deep conviction that life has no meaning unless shared with others in the context of community\' (waterman, 1988)."
0	"activity expresses itself in the multiplicity of projects of all kinds that may be pursued concurrently and which, no what matter what happens, must be elaborated successively, since the project represents a transient mechanism in this logic."
0	"the great man in the projective city is not a nowhere man."
0	"This project includes algorithms focused on Bayes theorem, neural networks, SVMs, Matrices, etc..."
0	"arguments in the somport controversy focus on the singularity of the aspe valley and the scarcity and uniqueness of the animals in the area."
0	"when mitigations to infrastructure plans are proposed to make them more environmentally sensitive. these types of justifications     which might add a new "order of worth" to the boltanski and thevenot (1991) scheme have become more refined and widespread since the rise of the global environmental movement in the past few decades, but they also have important historical and cultural precursors."
0	"petetin often dresses up using some symbols of american indian costumes like a feather in his hair, and holds up indian culture as an exemplar of a sustainable and harmonious relationship with the land     this attachment is then used as a green justification for his position against the somport project (although there is also a significant element of inspiration justification)."
0	"clean/non-polluting, renewable, recyclable, sustainable, and in harmony with nature."
0	"in france the idea of "domesticated nature" is not necessarily set against "untouched wilderness" as in the united states53 while the clavey debate often concerns separating what is to be untouched and what is not, this is not always the case in the somport debate, and there are instead connections made between the domestic life of the valley and its natural life."
0	"other examples move to the next level: when environmental justifications, based on principles of what might be called "green-ness" (as described below), are presented for their own sake or are combined with other sorts of justifications, e.g."
0	"this cohabitation problem is found in both cases, but is perhaps more central in france, where the connection between wild nature and domesticated nature has been built up over time."
0	"and our analysis adds an important comparative dimension missing from most previous work on environmental rhetoric by asking what differences might exist in the content or use of "green" arguments or images in these two countries, which have different environmental histories and movements. justifications based on "green-ness" and environmentalism ["green" worth] many examples in previous sections refer to nature or the environment within an evaluation based on non-environmental justifications and principles, e.g."
0	"the green order of worth is revealed in distinctly "green" qualifications, such as the "health" of trout in the clavey river valued as something that is good for humanity, which are not considered relevant in any other order."
0	"this cohabitation problem is found in both cases, but is perhaps more central in france, where the connection between wild nature and domesticated nature has been built up over time."
0	"one of her primary self-descriptions is as a "gatherer". one who collects plants, particularly mushrooms, from the ancestral lands which surround the clavey and she often describes her gathering as a ritual, "sacred" cultural practice (something her elders taught her)."
0	"Petetins reference to the "indian" orientation to nature points to the important overlap between the native political and moral viewpoint, which emphasizes the integration and dependency of humans with non-human entities, and the viewpoint of modern environmental politics which emphasizes this dependency also."
0	"arguments in the somport controversy focus on the singularity of the aspe valley and the scarcity and uniqueness of the animals in the area."
0	"so wilderness is valued (by dam opponents) because of its non-human qualities, but the pristine quality of wilderness is used as a justification (against building the dam) because pristine wilderness has a benefit for humanity."
0	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange.""
0	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves."
0	"one must adopt a "different language," that of "images, phantasms, symbols, myths, legends," shot through with associations, open to the fantastic, to dreams, and "nourished by the prodigious accumulation of images, memories, and myths that has built up without our conscious awareness.""
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"its way of appearing is to deposit a breath that animates, that draws "imagination out of its stupor" and prods it to take off."
0	"knowledge acquired through education-the routines of schooling or the habits of family life-thus constitutes an obstacle to what leads toward worth: amazement or enthusiasm."
0	"justifications based on inspiration and emotion [   inspiration    worth]"
0	"a less obvious but often quite significant category of justifications involve judgments based on inspiration, passion, and emotion, and often point to the singularity or creativity of a person, object, or action which is the source of inspiration."
0	"he knows, on the contrary, that he will have to experience failures, run in place for long periods, start over again and again before succeeding.""
0	"i find this very useful, and you can get really creative with it too."
0	"these signs, conveyed through words or images, take the form of coincidence, analogy, or metaphor."
0	"the manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"i find this very useful, and you can get really creative with it too."
0	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths.""
0	"in both the somport and clavey cases participants make crucial moves from inspiration arguments to environmental arguments in terms of an emotional or even spiritual attachment to nature."
0	"indeed, only in universes detached from reality- from "demoralizing reality," or what purports to be such in other worlds, and especially in the industrial world-can true worths be manifested: thus it is necessary to "explode what is called reality.""
0	"according to this logic, there are beings even worthier than artists, beings who inhabit magical worlds (shades, fairies, magi), but when these are evoked in the work we are drawing on here it is always in a desecratory mode."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"this worth rests upon the attainment of a state of grace and is, therefore, completely independent of recognition by others."
0	"the reality of the imaginary (figures)."
0	"this practice shelters inspired worth from the opinions of others worth in this world is indifferent to signs of contempt but it also accounts for the fragility of this form of worth."
0	"this is particularly true of the professional river rafters who became involved in the opposition campaign (they spend more time physically near the clavey than anyone else), and of the members of the me-wuk tribe who attach not simply an emotional but a religious importance to the clavey canyon."
0	"in this world, in which beings are appreciated for their uniqueness and in which the being with the highest degree of generality is the most original, the worthy are at once unique and universal."
0	"the manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas."
0	"people refer to the clavey canyon as a special place evoking personal tranquility, and they talk about the transformative feeling of being a mere human in the rugged wilderness of the area."
0	"inspired persons are not afraid to define themselves by using terms that would devalue them according to a different logic, as for example when one qualifies oneself as irrational."
0	"the inspiration for mozdef comes from the large arsenal of tools available to attackers."
0	"their typical way of acting is to dream, to imagine, to rebel, or to have living experiences."
0	"without going into details, one can show that, in the world of inspiration, the relevant beings are, for example, spirits, crazy people, artists, children."
0	"one must adopt a "different language," that of "images, phantasms, symbols, myths, legends," shot through with associations, open to the fantastic, to dreams, and "nourished by the prodigious accumulation of images, memories, and myths that has built up without our conscious awareness.""
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"(in fact, textgenrnn learns *so well* that you have to increase the temperature significantly for creative output!"
0	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist."
0	"in terms of inspiration, *black* is about as configurable as *gofmt*."
0	"`com.moagrius.widgets.scrollview` is a clone of aosp\'s `scrollview` and `horizontalscrollview`, with some inspiration taken from `recyclerview` and `gesturedetector`."
0	"in the inspired world, natural relationships are relationships of creation."
0	"justifications based on inspiration and emotion [   inspiration    worth]"
0	"illumination, intuition, spring up, appear, chance, bubbling up, revolution, vertigo, surpass (oneself), masterpiece, planet, aura."
0	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths.""
0	"create, discover, quest, imagine, dream, explode (cause to)."
0	"its expressions are diverse and many-sided: holiness, creativity, artistic sensibility, imagination, etc."
0	"love, passion, create."
0	"micronaut is developed by the creators of the grails framework and takes inspiration from lessons learnt over the years building real-world applications from monoliths to microservices using spring, spring boot and grails."
0	"these beings are worthy and great when they are odd, wonderful, emotional."
0	"knowledge acquired through education-the routines of schooling or the habits of family life-thus constitutes an obstacle to what leads toward worth: amazement or enthusiasm."
0	"the waking dream (objects) mind, body, dream, unconscious, drug."
0	"they are exempt from domestic arrangements as well; they abandon common sense in favor of extravagance and they "make the familiar strange.""
0	"the path toward inspiration is "an ill-defined path, full of detours, made up of encounters and changes of direction," a path through the underbrush, a path of invention on which one can wander "beyond the marked borders," open to adventure "with its exhilarating promises.""
0	"the "unforeseen accidents of creation" ("with all its-happily- uncontrolled and mysterious aspects"), its detours, call for humility, which allows one to "transcend the prideful assurance of the expert.""
0	"artists do not necessarily reject public marks of reputation or financial recognition, but they must, in order to be allowed to accept them, make a compromise, which is always difficult to reach, with another kind of worth, say, for example, with that of renown or of the market."
0	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist."
0	"in such peak moments-in the creation of a masterpiece, for example-inspiration manifests itself spontaneously, suddenly, in a disorderly fashion, gripping the creator and obliging him to "surpass himself.""
0	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time ."
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"the manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas."
0	"it is manifested by feelings and passions, and it is experienced as devouring, terrifying, enriching, exciting, exalting, fascinating, disturbing, and so on."
0	"the universal value of uniqueness (relation of worth)."
0	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves."
0	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time ."
0	"visionaries (subjects) spirit, shade, monster, fairy, i, child, woman, madman, artist."
0	"indeed, only in universes detached from reality- from "demoralizing reality," or what purports to be such in other worlds, and especially in the industrial world-can true worths be manifested: thus it is necessary to "explode what is called reality.""
0	"this is particularly true of the professional river rafters who became involved in the opposition campaign (they spend more time physically near the clavey than anyone else), and of the members of the me-wuk tribe who attach not simply an emotional but a religious importance to the clavey canyon."
0	"illumination, intuition, spring up, appear, chance, bubbling up, revolution, vertigo, surpass (oneself), masterpiece, planet, aura."
0	"these signs, conveyed through words or images, take the form of coincidence, analogy, or metaphor."
0	"their typical way of acting is to dream, to imagine, to rebel, or to have living experiences."
0	"it is, for example, the case of artists."
0	"given its weak level of accouterment, this world tolerates the existence of internal tests that are minimally objectifiable, if at all."
0	"it is, for example, the case of artists."
0	"poverty leads to worth through a stripping away that leaves the body bare."
0	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application."
0	"the stroke of genius (judgment)."
0	"the outpouring of inspiration (higher common principle) inspiration."
0	"inspired persons are not afraid to define themselves by using terms that would devalue them according to a different logic, as for example when one qualifies oneself as irrational."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"one must "break out of habits and routine," "accept risks," "reject habits, norms, sacrosanct principles," and call everything into question while shaking oneself loose from the "inertia of knowledge.""
0	"they know how to recognize and welcome what is mysterious, imaginative, original, unspeakable, unnamable, ethereal, or invisible, and they are at ease in informal situations."
0	"sources of inspiration"
0	"justifications based on inspiration and emotion [   inspiration    worth]"
0	"inexpressible and ethereal, bizarre, unusual, marvelous, unspeakable, disturbing, &citing, spontaneous, emotional."
0	"our elite teams challenge themselves to build extraordinary experiences by bridging the latest strategy and design thinking with enterprise-grade software development."
0	"we want designers to be as creative as possible to better serve end users, and developers to dedicate their time programming the core functionality and forget about repetitive tasks such as ui implementation."
0	"the inspiration for mozdef comes from the large arsenal of tools available to attackers."
0	"this practice shelters inspired worth from the opinions of others worth in this world is indifferent to signs of contempt but it also accounts for the fragility of this form of worth."
0	"given its weak level of accouterment, this world tolerates the existence of internal tests that are minimally objectifiable, if at all."
0	"love, passion, create."
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
0	"the world of inspiration"
0	"its way of appearing is to deposit a breath that animates, that draws "imagination out of its stupor" and prods it to take off."
0	"the polity comes undone when the temptation to come down to earth wins out over the impulse to take flight."
0	"the stroke of genius (judgment)."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"(in fact, textgenrnn learns *so well* that you have to increase the temperature significantly for creative output!"
0	"love, passion, create."
0	"in such peak moments-in the creation of a masterpiece, for example-inspiration manifests itself spontaneously, suddenly, in a disorderly fashion, gripping the creator and obliging him to "surpass himself.""
0	"the way to escape from reality is to "let imagination run wild," "turn individuals into explorers of the imaginary so they can succeed in "descending into the unconscious," for "all creation draws upon the unconscious.""
0	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time ."
0	"once the field is inserted, you should now see "!unexpected end of formula""
0	"the manifestation of the probable accordingly calls for an arrangement in which correspondences can be unfolded and transfers of meaning can be freely operated in such a way as to give rise to unusual ideas."
0	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application."
0	"- in addition, you may use, copy, modify and redistribute all artistic creative works (figures and images) included in this distribution under the directory"
0	"in this world, persons may be more or less worthy in as much as they are all capable of experiencing the outpouring of inspiration and thus of acceding to perfection and happiness."
0	"the construction of this world is based on st augustine\'s city of god and on the treatise augustine devoted to the problem of grace."
0	"its expressions are diverse and many-sided: holiness, creativity, artistic sensibility, imagination, etc."
0	"It takes inspiration in tools that exist in other languages, like `composer` (PHP) or `cargo` (Rust)."
0	"the reality of the imaginary (figures)."
0	"Every week, new GAN papers are coming out and it\'s hard to keep track of them all, not to mention the incredibly creative ways in which researchers are naming these GANs!"
0	"genius, independent."
0	"imaginary, unconscious."
0	"thus artists, who often embody inspired worth today, are worthy because they include the others in the singularity of a proper name: baudelaire, cocteau, einstein, galileo, mozart, shakespeare, and the like."
0	"in an inspired world, the state of worthiness has the attributes of inspiration, itself, in the form of illumination, a gratuitous benefit that is at once external and internal, felt in the experience of an inner movement that takes over and transforms: the state of worthiness is spontaneous- both sincere and involuntary- because it is an inner state that beings receive from outside themselves."
0	"given its weak level of accouterment, this world tolerates the existence of internal tests that are minimally objectifiable, if at all."
0	"this worth rests upon the attainment of a state of grace and is, therefore, completely independent of recognition by others."
0	"but their deficient state actually enhances their access to knowledge of the world\'s truly harmonious figures (heaven, the imaginary, the unconscious, and so on)."
0	"calling into question, risk, detour."
0	"the terms that designate the operation of avoiding alternate worlds (which are denounced as illusory) take on particular relief here: to prepare oneself for worthiness is to "shed one\'s rational mental outlook," "give up" everything in order to devote oneself to one\'s vocation, shed one\'s skin, get rid of one\'s old self."
0	"however, what provides access to worthiness- a state whose advent is never predictable is not renunciation per se, but a "sequence of singular chance occurrences": "no painter, no musician, no writer, no scientific researcher can claim to succeed every time ."
0	"imaginary, unconscious."
0	"according to this logic, there are beings even worthier than artists, beings who inhabit magical worlds (shades, fairies, magi), but when these are evoked in the work we are drawing on here it is always in a desecratory mode."
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"but their deficient state actually enhances their access to knowledge of the world\'s truly harmonious figures (heaven, the imaginary, the unconscious, and so on)."
0	"it is through what they have that is most original and most peculiar to them, that is, through their own genius, that they give themselves to others and serve the common good."
0	"for inspiration and testing on device we've provided sample application."
0	"in this world, worth is viewed as an immediate relationship to an external source from which all possible worth flows."
0	"access to inspired worth thus calls for sacrificing forms of stabilization and the contrivances that ensure the identity of persons in other worlds."
0	"the reality of the imaginary (figures)."
0	"all the things that support and outfit equivalence in the other worlds, such as measures, rules, money, hierarchy, and laws, are missing here."
0	"the certainty of intuition (evidence) phantasm, symbols, signs, analogy, images, myths."
0	"in such peak moments-in the creation of a masterpiece, for example-inspiration manifests itself spontaneously, suddenly, in a disorderly fashion, gripping the creator and obliging him to "surpass himself.""
0	"to follow this route is to "find one\'s own paths.""
0	"the outpouring of inspiration (higher common principle) inspiration."
0	"the radical singer-songwriter renaud also protests against the project from an emotional or aesthetic standpoint: the aspe valley is really one of the most grand landscapes, one of the most overwhelming that i have had the privilege of seeing"
0	"its expressions are diverse and many-sided: holiness, creativity, artistic sensibility, imagination, etc."
0	"they are also qualified by properties that express both the determination and the reproduction of sameness (as opposed to originality) and also the flexibility and stability of that which, lacking impetus or held in restraint, cannot grow: they are frozen in the repetition on of (industrial) routines or (domestic) habits, and locked into the reproduction of what is already known."
0	"these signs, conveyed through words or images, take the form of coincidence, analogy, or metaphor."
0	"genius, independent."
0	"each being creates and allows itself to be created by others."
