Efficiency testing tests the amount of resources required by a program to perform a specific function.
Efficiency can be defined as, using the resources optimally where resources could be memory, CPU, time, files, connections, databases etc.
we probably able to develop an optimal system in which 90% of the code using just 1% of CPU in peak load, but 10% of code is using 99% of CPU.
If we worry about the performance only after the system is built then we are in the worst situation, we probably could not reach 90% optimal code level.
Provides configurable automation of system and business workflow processes.
Requires data to be entered only once, with no re-keying.
Has configurable parameter / table facilities.
Provides easily configurable data import programs.
Operates quickly and efficiently, with acceptable system performance.
Enables real time and / or batch processing.
Supports the number of concurrent system users you require, at peak processing / enquiry times, with no degradation of system performance.
Supports your chosen operational set up eg whether using SaaS, running a Shared Service Centre, single or multiple sites.
Has a vendor warranty as to the software specification and performance.
Runs on industry standard hardware.
Runs with hardware independent operating system.
If a query searches multiple fields, create a compound index. Scanning an index is much faster than scanning a collection. 
Indexes also improve efficiency on queries that routinely sort on a given field.
MongoDB cursors return results in groups of multiple documents. If you know the number of results you want, you can reduce the demand on network.resources by issuing the limit() method.
When you need only a subset of fields from documents, you can achieve better performance by returning only the fields you need.
if you need to handle a large volume of data and store it as documents, MongoDB will help you to meet the challenges.
A 32 bit application, using a 32 bit version of windows, is pretty RAM efficient.
A 64 git application on a 64 bit version can be even more inefficient.
It could be more than double the RAM requirements.
One of the biggest upgrades you can make to an older computer is being sure it has enough memory (RAM) to handle the operating system and all the programs you want to run on it.
Tungsten suppresses virtual functions and leverages close to bare metal performance by focusing on jobs CPU and memory efficiency.
it comes with a tradeoff as map and filter functions perform poorer with this API.
The goal of tracking and analyzing software metrics is to determine the quality of the current product or process, improve that quality and predict the quality once the software development project is complete.
Reducing the lines of codes.
Reducing the number of bugs reported.
Increasing the number of software iterations.
Speeding up the completion of tasks.
Lead time quantifies how long it takes for ideas to be developed and delivered as software.
Cycle time describes how long it takes to change the software system and implement that change in production.
Team velocity measures how many software units a team completes in an iteration or sprint. 
Open/close rates are calculated by tracking production issues reported in a specific time period.
Production metrics attempt to measure how much work is done and determine the efficiency of software development teams.
The software metrics that use speed as a factor are important to managers who want software delivered as fast as possible.
Efficiency attempts to measure the amount of productive code contributed by a software developer.
Efficient in memory and CPU usage.
Measured in terms of time required to complete any task given to the system.
System should utilize processor capacity, disk space and memory efficiently. 
If system is using all the available resources then user will get degraded performance failing the system for efficiency. 
If system is not efficient then it can not be used in real time applications.
Use resources efficiently and lower costs.
Modeling performance of GitHub project development processes.
Modelling Optimization of Energy Efficiency in Buildings for Urban Sustainability.
Collaboratively building the future of energy efficiency.
Standard methods for calculating normalized metered energy consumption and avoided energy use.
Software performance testing is the practice of determining whether a given application has the capacity to perform in terms of scalability and responsiveness under a specified workload. 
Load testing is used to study the behavior of the application under specified loads. It also shows how an application will function when the majority of its users are logged in.
A stress test is performed to determine the upper limit of the application capacity and how the application performs when the current load exceeds the expected maximum. 
Performance Testing for Modin is built into the Jenkins build system. Perf Data from these tests are stored in S3. Use these notebooks to analyze these performance numbers.
Efficiency refers to how well the application responds and uses its resources under different conditions. 
Good software must be able to operate under high load conditions and still respond with minimal latency to avoid frustrating end users.
Simulate a heavy software load and test the software under different load conditions.
Performance Testing is defined as a type of software testing to ensure software applications will perform well under their expected workload.
The focus of Performance Testing is checking a software program's efficiency.
Speed - Determines whether the application responds quickly.
Scalability - Determines maximum user load the software application can handle.
Stability - Determines if the application is stable under varying loads.
Performance Testing is popularly called “Perf Testing” and is a subset of performance engineering.
Determine whether their software meets speed, scalability and stability requirements.
Load time is normally the initial time it takes an application to start. 
Response time is the time it takes from when a user inputs data into the application until the application outputs a response to that input.
A software product suffers from poor scalability when it cannot handle the expected number of users or when it does not accommodate a wide enough range of users. 
Bottlenecks are obstructions in a system which degrade overall system performance. Bottlenecking is when either coding errors or hardware issues cause a decrease of throughput under certain loads. 
Improved usage of CPU utilization to improve efficiency.
Reduced memory utilization to increase performance.
Highly performant network utilization.
Due to Operating System limitations.
Efficient disk usage.
Processor Usage - an amount of time processor spends executing non-idle threads.
Memory use - amount of physical memory available to processes on a computer.
Disk time - amount of time disk is busy executing a read or write request.
Bandwidth - shows the bits per second used by a network interface.
Private bytes - number of bytes a process has allocated that can't be shared amongst other processes. These are used to measure memory leaks and usage.
Committed memory - amount of virtual memory used.
Memory pages/second - number of pages written to or read from the disk in order to resolve hard page faults. Hard page faults are when code not from the current working set is called up from elsewhere and retrieved from a disk.
Page faults/second - the overall rate in which fault pages are processed by the processor. This again occurs when a process requires code from outside its working set.
CPU interrupts per second - is the avg. number of hardware interrupts a processor is receiving and processing each second.
Disk queue length - is the avg. no. of read and write requests queued for the selected disk during a sample interval.
Network output queue length - length of the output packet queue in packets. Anything more than two means a delay and bottlenecking needs to be stopped.
Network bytes total per second - rate which bytes are sent and received on the interface including framing characters.
Response time - time from when a user enters a request until the first character of the response is received.
Throughput - rate a computer or network receives requests per second.
Amount of connection pooling - the number of user requests that are met by pooled connections. The more requests met by connections in the pool, the better the performance will be.
Maximum active sessions - the maximum number of sessions that can be active at once.
Hit ratios - This has to do with the number of SQL statements that are handled by cached data instead of expensive I/O operations. This is a good place to start for solving bottlenecking issues.
Hits per second - the no. of hits on a web server during each second of a load test.
Rollback segment - the amount of data that can rollback at any point in time.
Database locks - locking of tables and databases needs to be monitored and carefully tuned.
Top waits - are monitored to determine what wait times can be cut down when dealing with the how fast data is retrieved from memory
Thread counts - An applications health can be measured by the no. of threads that are running and currently active.
Garbage collection - It has to do with returning unused memory back to the system. Garbage collection needs to be monitored for efficiency.
Verify response time is not more than 4 secs when 1000 users access the website simultaneously.
Verify response time of the Application Under Load is within an acceptable range when the network connectivity is slow
Check the maximum number of users that the application can handle before it crashes.
Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously.
Check CPU and memory usage of the application and the database server under peak load conditions
Verify response time of the application under low, normal, moderate and heavy load conditions.
During the actual performance test execution, vague terms like acceptable range, heavy load, etc. are replaced by concrete numbers. 
Performance engineers set these numbers as per business requirements, and the technical landscape of the application.
Performance Testing is a discipline concerned with testing and reporting the current performance of a software application under various parameters.
Performance engineering is the process by which software is tested and tuned with the intent of realizing the required performance.
This process aims to optimize the most important application performance trait i.e. user experience.
How to Measure Energy-Efficiency of Software: Metrics and Measurement Results.
In the field of information and computer technology (ICT), saving energy has its focus set on energy.
efficient hardware and its operation.
Metrics for energy efficient software rely on its useful work done.
There already exist approaches for measuring software energy consumption, mostly as black box measurement.
Intends to classify the known methods of energy efficiency measurement. 
Benchmarking methods are able to measure a system as a black box and can generate a statement on how the entire system (software and hardware) performs on the whole.
Suites of performance tests for Spark, PySpark, Spark Streaming, and MLlib.
Entered the competition using NADSort, a distributed sorting program built on top of Spark, and set a new world record as the most cost-efficient way to sort 100TB of data.
Validates Spark as the most efficient data processing engine.
Code efficiency. There are other words we can use (optimization, performance, speed), but it's all about making existing code run faster. 
Whether for desktop, mobile, or web apps, in this course you'll see how to identify pain points and measure them accurately, as well as view multiple approaches to improve the performance. 
Author Simon Allardice covers everything from "quick fixes" to more complex (but more accurate) algorithms.
Using code analysis tools to measure performance.
Managing memory.
Managing disk-based and network resources.
Improves the speed of data retrieval operations on a database table at the cost of additional writes and storage space to maintain the index data structure. 
Indexes are used to quickly locate data without having to search every row in a database table every time a database table is accessed. 
Indexes can be created using one or more columns of a database table, providing the basis for both rapid random lookups and efficient access of ordered records.
The Terminal will also need to meet our goals and measures to ensure it remains fast, and efficient, and doesn't consume vast amounts of memory or power.
They are less efficient than the implementations in the Python standard library.
It is much less efficient on large lists than more advanced algorithms such as quicksort, heapsort, or merge sort.
Like quicksort, it is efficient in practice and has good average-case performance, but has poor worst-case performance. Quickselect and its variants are the selection algorithms most often used in efficient real-world implementations.
lightweight.
Weighing just about 37 KB of gzipped JS code.
Performance has been improved by working in different aspects.
Efficiently reducing impact on disk and memory.
Capable of processing even in big data scenarios.
Ready large-scale computation,
Python package providing fast, flexible, and expressive data structures.
Okay, so there still is a server - but it only has a 40 millisecond life cycle! Serverless in this case means "without any permanent infrastructure."
If you want to contribute to TensorFlow, be sure to review the contribution guidelines. This project adheres to TensorFlow's code of conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.
We use GitHub issues for tracking requests and bugs, please see TensorFlow Discuss for general questions and discussion, and please direct specific questions to Stack Overflow.
The TensorFlow project strives to abide by generally accepted best practices in open-source software development.
Set of tools to make your work with Steppy faster and more effective. 
Steppy is a lightweight, open-source, Python library for fast and reproducible experimentation.
This improves the experience both in terms of performance and model size.
Big Data (feed it lots of data- it's fairly efficient with resources).
XGBoost is an optimized distributed gradient boosting library designed to be highly efficient.
It uses the checkpointing feature, which makes this code WAY more efficient!!!
This implementation is inspired by this technical report, which outlines a strategy for efficient DenseNets via memory sharing.
This adds 15-20% of time overhead for training, but reduces feature map consumption from quadratic to linear.
efficient=True uses the memory-efficient version
Because findViewById(int) is CPU-consuming (this is why we use the ViewHolder pattern), this library use a findViewByIdEfficient(int id) into the ViewHolder class.
ECO: Efficient Convolutional Network for Online Video Understanding, European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2018.
A collection of recent methods on DNN compression and acceleration. There are mainly 5 kinds of methods for efficient DNNs.
Learning efficient convolutional networks through network slimming.
An efficient densenet using learned group convolutions.
Interleaved lowrank group convolutions for efficient deep neural networks.
Multi-scale dense networks for resource efficient image classification.
Without special optimization, the inference time is similiar across frameworks. 
The default data parallel of PyTorch, powerd by nn.DataParallel is in-efficienct!
All items in the Front-End Performance Checklist are essentials to achieve the highest performance score but you would find an indicator to help you to eventually prioritised some rules amount others. There are 3 levels of priority:
List of the tools you can use to test or monitor your website or application.
WebPagetest - Website Performance and Optimization Test.
☆ Dareboost: Website Speed Test and Website Analysis.
Treo: Page Speed Monitoring.
GTmetrix | Website Speed and Performance Optimization.
Page Speed Insights.
Pingdom Website Speed Test.
📖 Make the Web Faster | Google Developers.
Sitespeed.io - Welcome to the wonderful world of Web Performance.
Website Speed Test | Check Web Performance » Dotcom-Tools.
Website and Server Uptime Monitoring - Pingdom (Free Signup Link).
SpeedCurve: Monitor front-end performance.
PWMetrics - CLI tool and lib to gather performance metrics.
Varvy - Page speed optimization.
Checkbot browser extension - Checks for web performance best practices.
Yellow Lab Tools | Online test to help speeding up heavy web pages.
Speedrank - Web Performance Monitoring.
DebugBear - Monitor website performance and Lighthouse scores.
This repo contains benchmarks used for testing the performance of all .NET Runtimes: .NET Core, Full .NET Framework, Mono and CoreRT.
To make the perceived performance of your application faster, use an Application Shell.
but also for improving the runtime performance of our applications.
A library to benchmark code snippets, similar to unit tests.
Very fast: up to 2x faster than Detectron and 30% faster than mmdetection during training.
Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training.
Multi-GPU training and inference.
CPU support for inference: runs on CPU in inference time. See our webcam demo for an example.
Scalable fuzzing infrastructure.
Evaluated and improved learning model efficiency using R­Square, Mean Square Error and Mean Absolute Error.
There may also be a tendency to take this too far and optimise code for terseness and not readability.
Some computer scientists point out that the efficiency or performance of software is decreasing when the hardware is becoming more powerful. 
The architectural efficiency or performance optimization is mostly about the resource allocation.
Therefore,finding a method for resource allocation optimization is crucial to achieve software efficiency or performance optimization at the software architectural level. 
This thesis proposes a method which uses the response model R to analyze the relations between software performance/efficiency and resource from the software and hardware architectural perspective, hence provide a neat way for the performance or efficiency optimization. 
Key terms in software efficiency are: software, hardware, architecture, resources, optimization, efficiency, performance.
The fast pace of hardware development provides enriched hardware resources that increase the tolerance to inefficiency. 
Among all kinds of popular software on computers, there are only a few such as games which can make full use of hardware resources which are sensitive to efficiency.
For rest and most of the software, hardware resources are truly overabundant. 
Therefore, developers of less demanding software gradually lower their standard on efficiency. 
However, this will not compromise their competitiveness, but on contrary, it may even boost their competitiveness. Developing more efficient software requires better design and more optimization, hence higher costs. Moreover, the breakthrough in storage technology also significantly reduces the cost per unit memory. 
Daily software which takes 100% more memory may only result in a minor increased spend on hardware. 
Furthermore, the development of computational power ensures that inefficiency software can be as functional as efficient software with a just price of higher (but not full) CPU load. Nevertheless, neglecting software efficiency will not become an issue, because it is compensated by the still increasing hardware performance as long as the semiconductor industry does not reach its bottleneck. 
The above analysis suggests that highly efficient software would not bring obvious benefits to software vendors. 
Very efficient backup system based on the git packfile format, providing fast incremental saves and global deduplication (among and within files, including virtual machine images).
Ultra fast asyncio event loop.
Increase your computer performance, optimizing RAM usage.
Control CPU and RAM usage from your system tray.
Memory footprint refers to the amount of main memory that a program uses or references while running.
In computing, the memory footprint of a software application indicates its runtime memory requirements, while the program executes. 
This includes all sorts of active memory regions like code segment containing (mostly) program instructions (and occasionally constants), data segment (both initialized and uninitialized),heap memory, call stack, plus memory required to hold any additional data structures, such as symbol tables, debugging data structures, open files, shared libraries mapped to the current process, etc., that the program ever needs while executing and will be loaded at least once during the entire run.
Often, disk footprint is confused with memory footprint, since both include certain overlapping areas, such program executable, libraries, etc. 
Disk footprint (or storage footprint) of a software application refers to its sizing information when it's in an inactive state, or in other words, when it's not executing but stored on a secondary media or downloaded over a network connection. 
In software engineering, a bottleneck occurs when the capacity of an application or a computer system is severely limited by a single component, like the neck of a bottle slowing down the overall water flow. 
The bottleneck has lowest throughput of all parts of the transaction path.
Performance engineering encompasses the techniques applied during a systems development life cycle to ensure the non-functional requirements for performance (such as throughput, latency, or memory usage) will be met.
Specify a profiling tool for the development/component unit test environment.
Identify a database test data load tool for the development/component unit test environment; this is required to ensure that the database optimizer chooses correct execution paths and to enable reinitializing and reloading the database as needed.
Deploy the performance tools for the development team.
Scalability is the property of a system to handle a growing amount of work by adding resources to the system.
In computing, scalability is a characteristic of computers, networks, algorithms, networking protocols, programs and applications. An example is a search engine, which must support increasing numbers of users, and the number of topics it indexes.
A routing protocol is considered scalable with respect to network size, if the size of the necessary routing table on each node grows as O(log N), where N is the number of nodes in the network. Some early peer-to-peer (P2P) implementations of Gnutella had scaling issues. 
A scalable online transaction processing system or database management system is one that can be upgraded to process more transactions by adding new processors, devices and storage, and which can be upgraded easily and transparently without shutting it down.
The distributed nature of the Domain Name System allows it to work efficiently, serving billions of hosts on the worldwide Internet.
Scaling horizontally (out/in) means adding more nodes to (or removing nodes from) a system, such as adding a new computer to a distributed software application.
High-performance computing applications such as seismic analysis and biotechnology workloads scaled horizontally to support tasks that once would have required expensive supercomputers.
Scaling vertically (up/down) means adding resources to (or removing resources from) a single node, typically involving the addition of CPUs, memory or storage to a single computer.
Larger numbers of elements increases management complexity, more sophisticated programming to allocate tasks among resources and handle issues such as throughput and latency across nodes, while some applications do not scale horizontally.
Big data is a field that treats ways to analyze, systematically extract information from, or otherwise deal with data sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data-processing application software.
Big data challenges include capturing data, data storage, data analysis, search, sharing, transfer, visualization, querying, updating, information privacy and data source. 
Big data was originally associated with three key concepts: volume, variety, and velocity.
In my experiments checkpoint is almost 30 bigger on disk than parquet (689GB vs. 24GB). 
In terms of running time checkpoint takes 1.5 times longer (10.5 min vs 7.5 min).
A cluster is called noisy if there are lots of jobs and users which compete for resources and there are not enough resources to run all the jobs simultaneously.
Code efficiency is a broad term used to depict the reliability, speed and programming methodology used in developing codes for an application.
Code efficiency is directly linked with algorithmic efficiency and the speed of runtime execution for software.
Remove unnecessary code or code that goes to redundant processing.
Make use of optimal memory and nonvolatile storage.
Ensure the best speed or run time for completing the algorithm.
Make use of reusable components wherever possible.
Make use of error and exception handling at all layers of software, such as the user interface, logic and data flow.
Create programming code that ensures data integrity and consistency.
Develop programming code that's compliant with the design logic and flow.
Make use of coding practices applicable to the related software.
Optimize the use of data access and data management practices.
For efficiency evaluation, the constructed model has been tested on real-life data and it is shown that the constructed prediction model is more efficient than all previous models.
Balancing Efficiency and Flexibility for DNN Acceleration.
Speeding up Deep Neural Networks with Adaptive Computation and Efficient Multi-Scale Architectures.
Hardware Efficiency Aware Neural Architecture Search.
The primary focus is on the exploration of energy efficient techniques and architectures for cognitive computing and machine learning, particularly for applications and systems running at the edge.
For such resource constrained environments, performance alone is never sufficient, requiring system designers to carefully balance performance with power, energy, and area.
Neural network architectures for resource constrained devices.
Load balancing and efficient task distribution techniques.
Characterization of machine learning benchmarks and workloads.
Performance profiling and synthesis of workloads.
Power, performance and area (PPA) based comparison of neural networks.
Efficient on-device learning techniques.
Security, safety and privacy challenges and building secure AI systems.
Power/Performance evaluation of Energy Efficient Ethernet for High Performance Computing.
A Tutorial on Performance Evaluation and Validation Methodology for Low-Power and Lossy Networks.
Find the best Performance Appraisal Software for your business.
Software development projects have become a challenge for both industry and academia regarding the performance evaluation of systems.
Using Complete Machine Simulation for Software Power Estimation.
Power dissipation has become one of the most critical factors for the continued development of both high-end and low-end computer systems.
The successful design and evaluation of such optimization techniques is invariably tied to a broad and accurate set of rich tools that are available for conducting these studies
Performance optimization has long been the goal of different architectural and systems software studies, driving technological innovations to the limits for getting the most out of every cycle.
Quantitative performance analysis is the foundation for computer system design and innovation. 
In their classic paper, Emer and Clark noted that a lack of detailed timing information impairs efforts to improve performance.
A computer power supply does not send data about power consumption to the motherboard, nor does it measure power consumption.
What software can I use to monitor the power consumption of all the components of my pc?
Writing sustainable, power efficient and green software necessitates understanding the power consumption behavior of a computer program.
The power consumption of the streaming media server can be obtained in real time by the virtual instrumentation software module described.
Many power consumption figures are optimistic anyway.
The MLPerf effort aims to build a common set of benchmarks that enables the machine learning (ML) field to measure system performance for both training and testing.
In this post, Lambda Labs discusses the Deep Learning performance compared with other GPUs.
Computation time and cost are critical resources in building deep models, yet many existing benchmarks focus solely on model accuracy.
There are a few high end (and expectedly heavy) laptops like Nvidia GTX 1080 (8 GB VRAM), which can train an average of ~14k examples/second.
Buying hardware for machine learning exposes us to the risk of have an outdated machine after few months.
Average GPU memory usage is quite similar.
Machine learning and deep learning hardware challenges - memory challenges in deep neural networks.
Speed up the basic building blocks of machine learning computation.
Learn more about pc-requirements, deep, learning, neural, network, toolbox, hardware-requirements, parallel, computing, cuda, gpu-requirements and others.
The most common related benchmark would be runtime complexity telling how the performance drops with increasing data or model size (e.g. linear, logarithmic, exponential).
Improve performance of the digital sinusoidal generator in memory usage optimization.
Long-term memory effects on working memory updating development.
Data Processing Framework Using Apache and Spark Technologies in Big Data.
Memory-efficient and fast implementation of local adaptive binarization methods.
Scalable Performance Prediction of Codes with Memory Hierarchy and Pipelines.
Analysis of cache behaviour and software optimizations for faster on-chip network simulations.
Integrated web-based platform that manages the total spectrum of data needed to manage energy efficiency programs.
Efficiency testing test the amount of code and testing resources required by a program to perform a particular function.
Despite rapid advances in hardware performance, cutting-edge deep learning models continue to push the limits of GPU RAM. 
It’s always desirable to find ways to train larger models while consuming less memory. 
Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate.
When we work with tiny datasets, we can get away with loading an entire dataset into GPU memory.
Process the packing in parallel to save time and energy consumption.
We can read faster when reading from contiguous locations on disk.
This avoids computational bottlenecks while loading data.
Judiciously decide whether to load entire files into RAM.
Since the training of deep neural network often involves large amounts of data, the format we choose should be both efficient and convenient.
Hardware Monitor can tell you quite a bit about CPU and GPU usage, its a small download and a small footprint in terms of system resources.
You go to Resource Monitor from Task Manager, bottom of Performance tab.
Sometimes it involves moving data between memory and registers which enable high-speed data access in the CPU.
Fix High RAM and CPU Usage of Windows 10 System.
Gorgonia is currently fairly performant - its speeds are comparable to Theano's and Tensorflow's  CPU implementations.
- LASSO - K-means using as little memory as possible.
It can cluster millions of instances efficiently.
Main update: Add incremental Reader, which can save 50% memory cost.
Fix bugs in on-disk training.
How come gensim is so fast and memory efficient?
Note that it will allocate memory for ``max(i)+1`` items.
Fine-tuning  is inexpensive.
Monitor Memory usage of Python code.
An interactive Python profiler.
A sampling profiler for Python programs.
A ptracing profiler For Python.
Visual Python profiler.
It is hard to overload the server with MaricutoDB.
A deep learning framework designed for both efficiency and flexibility.
A library for fast numerical computation.
We are working on adding code to this repository which will allow much larger effective batch sizes to be used on the GPU.
Fast R-CNN.
The guidelines are focused on relatively higher-level issues, such as interfaces, resource management, memory management, and concurrency.
witching to a more memory efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the results.
YouCompleteMe is a fast, as-you-type, fuzzy-search code completion engine for Vim .
Efficient binary serialization.
Fast json parser (According to them, competetive with java gson/jackson speed).
Scala macros for compile-time generation of ultra-fast JSON codecs.
Flexible and powerful JSON manipulation, validation and serialization, with no reflection at runtime.
Fast Style Transfer in TensorFlow.
Lightning fast cluster computing — up to 100x faster than Hadoop for iterative algorithms (memory caching) and up to 10x faster than Hadoop for single-pass MapReduce jobs.
Real Time Aggregation based on Spark Streaming.
Compositional, streaming I/O library for Scala.
fast search engine, custom written to deal with large volumes of e-mail on consumer hardware.
A toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications.
Lightning Network is a second layer protocol built on top of bitcoin to address scalability, privacy, confirmation time and many other issues.
Makes it easy to build scalable, fast and real-time web applications with Java & Scala.
Kafka is a message broker project and aims to provide a unified, high-throughput, low-latency platform for handling real-time data feeds.
The current emphasis is on speed optimizations, which are necessary to complete training of the value-network and to create feasible tree-search.
Superresolution using an efficient sub-pixel convolutional neural network.
BCC is a toolkit for creating efficient kernel tracing and manipulation programs, and includes several useful tools and examples.
Each dataset is represented by a directory containing the same image data in several resolutions to enable efficient streaming.
A Scala library that is designed from the ground up for space efficiency, handling graphs with billions of nodes and edges.
For efficiency, only the histogram.
A library for expressive and efficient service composition.
Fast Decoding in Sequence Models using Discrete Latent Variables.
Fast out of the box, cache-friendly when you need it.
A simple Python program may not cause many problems when it comes to memory, but memory utilization becomes critical on high memory consuming projects.
Python’s interpreter performs the memory management and users have no control over it. 
Memory management in Python involves a private heap that contains all Python objects and data structures.
Memory manager internally ensures the management of this private heap.
For large numbers/data crunching, you can use libraries like Numpy, which gracefully handles memory management.
When it comes to improving the execution time of your multiple-task code, you may want to utilize multiple cores in the CPU to execute several tasks simultaneously. 
It may seem intuitive to spawn several threads and let them execute concurrently.
It's often helpful to analyze your code for coverage, quality, and performance. 
Efficiently monitor traffic flows.
bup is "relatively speedy" and has "pretty good" compression.
Unfortunately, this library is in a very early stage, so at the moment there is nothing along the lines of multithreading or any form of parallel computing.
Extremely high performance.
Efficiently scale-out.
Performance Several performance tests are included.
BigDL can efficiently scale out to perform data analytics at "Big Data scale", by leveraging Apache Spark (a lightning fast distributed data processing framework), as well as efficient implementations of synchronous SGD and all-reduce communications on Spark.
Consequently, it is orders of magnitude faster than out-of-box open source Caffe , Torch or TensorFlow on a single-node Xeon (i.e., comparable with mainstream GPU).
BigDL can efficiently scale out to perform data analytics at "Big Data scale", by leveraging Apache Spark (a lightning fast distributed data processing framework), as well as efficient implementations of synchronous SGD and all-reduce communications on Spark.
Algorithm to update DOM Precise data-binding, which is faster than virtual DOM Virtual DOM differentiation, which requires manually managed attributes for complicated DOM.
Lightning-fast cluster computing with Apache Spark.
Cache-Control headers and gzip support to be as fast as possible.
While Kestrel is a great solution up to a certain point (simple, fast, durable, and easy to deploy), it hasn't been able to cope with Twitter's massive scale (in terms of number of tenants, QPS, operability, diversity of workloads etc.)
Kestrel  Kestrel is based on Blaine Cook's "starling" simple, distributed message queue, with added features and bulletproofing, as well as the scalability offered by actors and the JVM.
The High Velocity Web Framework  The Play Framework combines productivity and performance making it easy to build scalable web applications with Java and Scala.
Stores your users' behavioural data in a scalable "event data warehouse" you control: in Amazon S3 and (optionally)
Support for indexing and fast querying over flexible tags for each time series/partition, just like Prometheus.
Holds a huge amount of data in-memory thanks to columnar compression techniques.
Low-latency.
Designed for highly concurrent, low-latency workloads such as dashboards and alerting Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested ensuring efficient and fault-tolerant distribution based on data parallelism, without the intermediate disk operations required in traditional distributed approaches.
When retrieving data by row key and then by range, you get a fast and efficient access pattern due to minimal disk seeks – time series data is an excellent fit for this type of pattern.
On the other hand, Cassovary is intended to be easy to use in a JVM-hosted environment and yet be efficient enough to scale to billions of edges.
This allows complex algorithms to be run on the graph efficiently, an otherwise recurring issue with distributed graph processing systems because of the known difficulty of achieving good graph partitions.
On the flip side, the size of the graph it works with is bounded by the memory available in a machine, though the use of space efficient data structures does not seem to make this a limitation for most practical graphs.
Then using the efficient search scroll API, the entire dataset that matches your query is streamed out to subscribers.
The Eventsourced library adds scalable actor state persistence and at-least-once message delivery guarantees to Akka.
Offers an open-source distributed, real-time, in-memory, massively scalable system ready for analyzing massive sources of data.
Massively Scalable - designed to ingest many millions of entities.
Sharded across multiple processes, with distributed querying built in Prometheus PromQL Support Tag-based Indexing.
Lets you build scalable, resilient, and reactive applications that meet the needs of your business.
To scalable distributed processing, Apache Spark also allows interactive data analysis.
Rethinking Data-Intensive Science Using Scalable Analytics Systems.
That means that it’s super-performant because serialization-related code is typically generated at compile-time and inlined where it is needed in your code.
If objects are pickled in a tight loop, this import can lead to a significant performance improvement.
The pull parser API is provided for cases requiring extreme performance.
The eight high performance websocket servers contain.
high-performance metrics library.
designed for highly concurrent, low-latency workloads such as dashboards and alerting.
Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested.
Suggested not to be higher than 8 GB (will cause issues scheduling)
Transform with blazing fast speeds using optimized row-based transformers.
Fast JSON parser LINQ-style queries Case classes can be used to extract values from parsed JSON Diff & merge.
Glide is a fast and efficient open source media management and image loading framework for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface.
GreenDAO is an ORM optimized for Android: it maps database tables to Java objects and uses code generation for optimal speed.
This is an Open Source Project.
But the timeline of innovation, particularly in open source projects, is also clear and we want our users to understand the direction of flow of innovation in our space.
This approach is inefficient!
This reduces recompilation time a lot.
It's fast and careful with memory.
Amount of memory that has been freed per minute.
Processed data will be written to disk before an operation returns.
Max memory usage / allocation in disk space.
Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training.
Job Manager will take care of prioritization, persistence, load balancing, delaying, network control, grouping etc.
DoctorKafka can also perform load balancing based on topic partitions\'s network usage, and makes sure that broker network usage does not exceed the defined settings.
Average relative increase in memory consumption.
However, when the data are loaded to memory, it will be much more efficient as we would never load those "hole" pages into memory.
By default, the code will load all the groundtruth data processed by Rawpy into memory without 8-bit or 16-bit quantization.
System load: 0.39 ,Memory usage: 2%, Processes: 80.
Improved performance after a full collection to the memory consumption.
Increase in indispensable memory consumption (base footprint).
The new efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the processor load.
Provides replacements for ArrayList, HashSet, and HashMap optimized for performance and memory usage.
Processing images can be memory intensive.
For example, you might need to determine how long it will take to generate 100 image thumbnails from disk or how much memory a data structure will take.
The average heap memory consumption after a minor collection.
This helps save memory while having little effect on performance.
Probably want to use shorter if possible for memory and speed reasons.
At the cost of flexibility, layer 4 load balancing requires less time and computing resources than Layer 7, although the performance impact can be minimal on modern commodity hardware.
To ensure high throughput, web servers can keep a large number of TCP connections open, resulting in high memory usage.
Max memory usage / allocation in perm space.
Intelligent load balancing.
Older version was consuming too much memory.
However I have implemented it in a joint way to save time and GPU memory.
Caching improves page load times and can reduce the load on your servers and databases.
Images are cached to memory and to disk for super fast loading.
If queues start to grow significantly, the queue size can become larger than memory, resulting in cache misses, disk reads, and even slower performance.
The parser generates events similar to an xml sax parser, and is very efficient memory wise.
However, with very large corpora, loading the entire text at once (and retaining it) can be memory-intensive.
Increase performance: When building from sources, we can leverage CPU specific optimizations.
Apache Pinot is a realtime distributed OLAP datastore, which is used to deliver scalable real time analytics with low latency.
Placing an index can keep the data in memory, requiring more space.
The performance and memory consumption will also be worse than running directly.