category	text
1	"Intuitive merging and joining data sets "
1	"Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data "
1	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations "
1	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets "
1	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation, "
1	"Easy to use, with: full access to all system functions, subject to individual user security profile(s), straight forward system navigation, short cut keys, pull down menus, scroll backwards and forwards, tailorable menus, screens, reports, multi tasking ie multiple applications / windows open at a time, on-screen prompts and messages that are clear and helpful eg requesting input, identifying input validation errors or processing errors "
1	"Usability means thinking about how and why people use a product.  "
1	"The first step in creating a usable product is understanding those goals in the context of the user’s environment, task or work flow, and letting these needs inform the design. "
1	"Usability means evaluation. "
1	"Usability relies on user-feedback through evaluation rather than simply trusting the experience and expertise of the designer. Unlike conventional software acceptance testing, usability evaluation involves watching real people use a product (or prototype), and using what is learned to improve the product. "
1	"The 5 Es – efficient, effective, engaging, error tolerant and easy to learn – describe the multi-faceted characteristics of usability. Interfaces are evaluated against the combination of these characteristics which best describe the user’s requirements for success and satisfaction. "
1	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met.  "
1	"The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products. "
1	"A simple pain scale from 1 to 10 can quantify user feedback. "
1	"Simplicity in its usage. "
1	"Usability first as design concept. "
1	"Simple interface to facilitate user adoption. "
1	"Customizable UI that allows to modify the alignment of the different components. "
1	"Easy, automatic and powerful information display system. "
1	"Intuitive and flexible options that allows customization. "
1	"Working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive. "
1	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device.  "
1	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use. "
1	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface. "
1	"A user experience designer can control accessibility, user interface, information architecture and usability to suit the uncontrolled aspects like goals, user lifestyle and habits.  "
1	"UX design uses the controlled aspects of technology to suit the uncontrolled. "
1	"A usable product does not mean automatically that its interface is simple or easy to use.  "
1	"Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction.  "
1	"Efficiency is the ability to perform the intended task with desired speed.  "
1	"Effectiveness measures availability and unavailability.  "
1	"It is the comparison of usability with technology and without technology.  "
1	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface. "
1	"Usability testing can be as simple as a free questionnaire or having a friend or colleague use your product.  "
1	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product.  "
1	"The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable. "
1	"Usability is human centered, collecting and understanding the full set of user preferences is better than just a handful of disparate facts.  "
1	"End-users are the best source of information, though most complex products and websites have multiple user groups so it becomes even more important to get the all the facts, across the board, not only preferences but needs and wants, the full set of information helps to ensure consistency and accuracy before finalizing on a usability direction. "
1	"Before embarking on improving a product, its usefulness has to be measured in order to ascertain its efficiency and effectiveness.  "
1	"Several parameters are essential in carrying out an assessment in order to determine where and what to improve or change to get maximum usage.  "
1	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. "
1	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use. "
1	"A usability study may be conducted as a primary job function by a usability analyst or as a secondary job function by designers, technical writers, marketing personnel, and others. "
1	"The term intuitive is often listed as a desirable trait in usable interfaces, often used as a synonym for learnable.  "
1	"Learnability: How easy is it for users to accomplish basic tasks the first time they encounter the design? "
1	"Efficiency: Once users have learned the design, how quickly can they perform tasks? "
1	"Memorability: When users return to the design after a period of not using it, how easily can they re-establish proficiency? "
1	"Errors: How many errors do users make, how severe are these errors, and how easily can they recover from the errors? "
1	"Satisfaction: How pleasant is it to use the design? "
1	"The design team should be user-driven and it should be in direct contact with potential users.  "
1	"Several evaluation methods, including personas, cognitive modeling, inspection, inquiry, prototyping, and testing methods may contribute to understanding potential users and their perceptions of how well the product or process works.  "
1	"Usability considerations, such as who the users are and their experience with similar systems must be examined.  "
1	"Test the system early on, and test the system on real users using behavioral measurements.  "
1	"This includes testing the system for both learnability and usability.  "
1	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made.  "
1	"This process is intended to ultimately improve the quality and functionality of a design. "
1	"Cognitive modeling involves creating a computational model to estimate how long it takes people to perform a given task.  "
1	"Models are based on psychological principles and experimental studies to determine times for cognitive processing and motor movements.  "
1	"Cognitive models can be used to improve user interfaces or predict problem errors and pitfalls during the design process.  "
1	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business. "
1	"Human–computer interaction (HCI) researches the design and use of computer technology, focused on the interfaces between people (users) and computers. "
1	"The task of differentiating the colors, however, becomes much harder when the patterns on the map are complex, such as in the lower left corner of the diagnostic map. "
1	"Can you easily distinguish every color in the random section of the map (the lower left)? If you have a ten-class map, you should be able to see clearly ten unique colors. "
1	"Within each large band of color on the map, we placed several polygons filled with each map color (‘outliers’). "
1	"Check that each one looks noticeably different not only from the background green (easy) but also from each other. "
1	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects.  "
1	"Colour can determine if the user should be careful or not, or if the user need to take action within the HCI, or it can also tell the user that there is nothing to worry about. Designers use color to help users use HCI's.  "
1	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use.  "
1	"Input Controls: buttons, text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, dropdown lists, list boxes, toggles, date field. "
1	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons. "
1	"Informational Components: tooltips, icons, progress bar, notifications, message boxes, modal windows. "
1	"Containers: accordion, tables, lists and others. "
1	"User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions.  "
1	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture. "
1	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout. "
1	"Keep the interface simple.  "
1	"The best interfaces are almost invisible to the user.  "
1	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging. "
1	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly.  "
1	"It is also important to create patterns in language, layout and design throughout the site to help facilitate efficiency.  "
1	"Once a user learns how to do something, they should be able to transfer that skill to other parts of the site.  "
1	"Be purposeful in page layout. "
1	"Consider the spatial relationships between items on the page and structure the page based on importance. "
1	"Careful placement of items can help draw attention to the most important pieces of information and can aid scanning and readability. "
1	"Strategically use color and texture.  "
1	"You can direct attention toward or redirect attention away from items using color, light, contrast, and texture to your advantage. "
1	"Use typography to create hierarchy and clarity.  "
1	"Carefully consider how you use typeface.  "
1	"Different sizes, fonts, and arrangement of the text to help increase scanability, legibility and readability. "
1	"Make sure that the system communicates what’s happening.  Always inform your users of location, actions, changes in state, or errors. The use of various UI elements to communicate status and, if necessary, next steps can reduce frustration for your user.  "
1	"Think about the defaults. By carefully thinking about and anticipating the goals people bring to your site, you can create defaults that reduce the burden on the user.  This becomes particularly important when it comes to form design where you might have an opportunity to have some fields pre-chosen or filled out. "
1	"Usability Evaluation assitant to facilitate doing experiments with end users. "
1	"Chrome extension to make Rietveld code review more usable. "
1	"Syntax Highlighting - Language specific syntax highlighting with multiple color schemes. "
1	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application. "
1	"One of the students will facilitate the test and write down the questions about UX/UI aspects of the app.  "
1	"Plugin for Redmine, which allows to improve the usability of Redmine. "
1	"You will get a lot of useful enhancements that will improve Redmine usability: ability to replace the standard preloader that blocks the entire page; ability to hide the sidebar, fast preview of photos and others. "
1	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application. "
1	"Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website. "
1	"Usability-As-A-Service tool for Web Applications. "
1	"It’s usually a good idea to look at the usability improvements first.  "
1	"Normally those things are easy to change or enhance and they add a great value to your product. "
1	"It create actions in response to user interactions."
0	"This doesn't mean that HTML5 Boilerplate cannot be used in older browsers, just that we'll ensure compatibility with the ones mentioned above."
0	"Noriben - Portable, Simple, Malware Analysis Sandbox."
0	"Portability has usually meant some work when moving an application program to another operating system. "
0	"Portability is a characteristic attributed to a computer program if it can be used in an operating systems other than the one in which it was created without requiring major rework. "
0	"A portable SCTP userland stack."
0	"Avoid code changes when deploying your application between Linux and Windows based systems."
0	"The useful life of an application, for example, is likely to be extended, and its user base increased, if it can be migrated to various platforms over its lifetime. "
0	"Traditionally, you could handle this via conditional compilation."
0	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control."
0	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library."
0	"We distinguish two major phases of the application porting process."
0	"One of the key objective is to make AES work on all the platforms with simple implementation."
0	"Thanks to its capabilities, applications can be deployed to mobile devices (iOS, Android), the desktop (Windows, OS X), and to the browser (via the Flash plugin)."
0	"Suitable for Unix and Unix-like systems (Linux, macOS, etc.)."
0	"Halide is a language for fast, portable data-parallel computation."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"In a totally portable application, all related files would be stored in a single folder so it can be copied with one command or one drag and drop. "
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"A portable foreign-function interface library."
0	"There are many hardware and software platforms; it is not only a Windows world."
0	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. "
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"The folder would likely have many subfolders, and they would all copy in the same transaction."
0	"Thanks to the administrator for coming up with a fix for an important bug."
0	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using pytest)."
0	"Web based support portal eg with online fault / query submission, download fixes / product information"
0	"A few are caused by compilers producing incorrect code. "
0	"Approximately 75 percent of the cost is related to software maintenance. "
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"A program that contains a large number of bugs, and/or bugs that seriously interfere with its functionality, is said to be buggy (defective). "
0	"A bug in Xcode causes it to ignore the user selection."
0	"StorIO has unit and integration tests."
0	"Optimistically, we might think that once it has run correctly, it would do so forever!"
0	"Code project corresponding to a serials of tutorial posts for android unit testing."
0	"Provides backup and restore facilities for programs and data."
0	"An interactive Python profiler."
0	"Speedrank - Web Performance Monitoring."
0	"This avoids computational bottlenecks while loading data."
0	"The new efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the processor load."
0	"This implementation is inspired by this technical report, which outlines a strategy for efficient DenseNets via memory sharing."
0	"Analysis of cache behaviour and software optimizations for faster on-chip network simulations."
0	"Real Time Aggregation based on Spark Streaming."
0	"Fast Style Transfer in TensorFlow."
0	"Improve performance of the digital sinusoidal generator in memory usage optimization."
0	"Reduced memory utilization to increase performance."
0	"Probably want to use shorter if possible for memory and speed reasons."
0	"The Terminal will also need to meet our goals and measures to ensure it remains fast, and efficient, and doesn't consume vast amounts of memory or power."
0	"Determine whether their software meets speed, scalability and stability requirements."
0	"Hits per second - the no. of hits on a web server during each second of a load test."
0	"Provides easily configurable data import programs."
0	"It is faster at single document reads but couldn’t compete when it comes to aggregations or 2nd neighbors selections. "
0	"There are many ways to create rounded corners in android, but this is the fastest and best one that I know of because it:"
0	"While this is one of the advantages of non-relational databases the ability to cope with large and unstructured amounts of data."
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"Section 3 -- License Conditions."
0	"Copyright 2016 Combust, Inc."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"Definitions."
0	"See the LICENSE file for more information."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and imitations under the License."
0	"For example, it may be reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or hyperlink to a resource that includes the required information."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	"Grant of Patent License."
0	"Credits  Font Awesome Sql.js KnexJS  License"
0	""Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types."
0	"This project is released under a permissive new BSD open source license."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License."
0	"Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer."
0	"Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose."
0	"Patent and trademark rights are not licensed under this Public License."
0	"GTK is free software and part of the GNU Project. "
0	"License MIT."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 Mohamed Fawzy  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"a notice that refers to the disclaimer of warranties,  v. a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent reasonably practicable,  b. indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and retain an indication of any previous modifications, and  c. indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, this Public License."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and imitations under the License."
0	"The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Licensed Copyright 2016 Tumblr Inc."
0	"In all other cases the Licensor expressly reserves any right to collect such royalties, including when the Licensed Material is used other than for NonCommercial purposes."
0	""Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner."
0	""License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document."
0	"Downstream recipients."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OR ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN OR DISCOVERABLE."
0	"For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving image."
0	"Copyright 2019 Rasa Technologies GmbH."
0	"However, the licensing terms for GTK, the GNU LGPL, allow it to be used by all developers, including those developing proprietary software, without any license fees or royalties."
0	"These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"Magenta: Music and Art Generation with Machine Intelligence."
0	"Airflow is a platform to programmatically author, schedule and monitor workflows."
0	"Creates a connection with a custom JDBC."
0	"Deep Learning GPU Training System."
0	"Visualizer for deep learning and machine learning models."
0	"D3 helps you bring data to life using SVG, Canvas and HTML. "
0	"Logging replacement for Python."
0	"Fault-tolerance with exactly-once processing guarantees"
0	"Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit (CNTK), an open source deep-learning toolkit."
0	"If you would like to contribute code you can do so through GitHub by forking the repository and sending a pull request."
0	"CaffeOnSpark is a Spark package for deep learning. It is complementary to non-deep learning libraries MLlib and Spark SQL. CaffeOnSpark's Scala API provides Spark applications with an easy mechanism to invoke deep learning (see sample) over distributed datasets."
0	"Open source UI framework written in Python, running on Windows, Linux, macOS, Android and iOS."
0	"Metric learning algorithms in Python."
0	"Easy & Flexible Alerting With ElasticSearch."
0	"HBase is a distributed, scalable, big data store."
0	"Added support for CNTK's `StopGradient` as a no-op."
0	"For more complicated outputs, you can pass in a custom evaluation expression to transform the things however you need."
0	"ML-Ensemble – high performance ensemble learning."
0	"Caffe users' existing datasets (e.g. LMDB) and configurations could be applied for distributed learning without any conversion needed."
0	"Free audio, video and image conversion software."
0	"Flask is a lightweight WSGI web application framework. It is designed to make getting started quick and easy, with the ability to scale up to complex applications. It began as a simple wrapper around Werkzeug and Jinja and has become one of the most popular Python web application frameworks."
0	"Image-to-Image Translation with Conditional Adversarial Networks (Pix2pix) implementation in keras."
0	"Modules: Provides implementations for many commonly used layers in vision and language domain"
0	"Python Fire is a library for automatically generating command line interfaces (CLIs) from absolutely any Python object."
0	"Minimal examples of data structures and algorithms in Python."
0	"Incremental learning is supported to leverage previously trained models or snapshots."
0	"The Mesos Version Manager (mvm) compiles, configures, and manages multiple versions of Apache Mesos."
0	"Bazel runs on Windows, macOS, and Linux."
0	"Enables truly deterministic builds, while easily specifying only what you want."
0	"Lightweight, Python library for fast and reproducible experimentation :microscope:."
0	"Manual."
0	"We monitor channels listed below for comments/questions."
0	"6."
0	"### Translation template credits."
0	"In order to accept our code, we have to make sure that we can publish your code:"
0	"Fork the [main repository](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer)."
0	"Or maybe through using pandas you have an idea of your own or are looking for something in the documentation and thinking ‘this can be improved’..you can do something about it!"
0	"Thanks to [The Art of Command Line](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line) for the translation template."
0	"Welcome contribute your amazing animation effect."
0	"We welcome community contributions to nGraph."
0	"* Add the link: `* [project-name](http://example.com/) - A short description ends with a period.`"
0	"use cases about how Dubbo is being used in enterprise system."
0	"More details can be found in CONTRIBUTING."
0	"* Check your spelling and grammar."
0	"We need your support!"
0	"We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow Twitter's Open Source Code of Conduct in all interactions with the community."
0	"Push your changes to GitHub with:."
0	"Tutorials."
0	"Who Maintains Apache Airflow?"
0	"These best practices will ensure integrity, when revisions of code, or issues need to be reviewed."
0	"Submit a pull request."
0	"To get started contributing to the project, see the contributing guide."
0	"## Translations."
0	"In your commit messages, refer to this issue."
0	"Open issue if you met problems during development."
0	"We're happy to meet new contributors."
0	"We should have awe-inspiring speed and crazy-good compression."
0	"We will review your contribution and, if any additional fixes or modifications are necessary, may provide feedback to guide you."
0	"Contributions to Gixy are always welcome!"
0	"Contributers  craya1982  Thanks  Inspired by in daimajia."
0	"Click on the \'Fork\' button near the top of the page."
0	"**Please carefully read this page to make the code review process go as smoothly as possible and to maximize the likelihood of your contribution being merged.**."
