category	text
1	"Portability in high-level computer programming is the usability of the same software in different environments. "
1	"The prerequirement for portability is the generalized abstraction between the application logic and system interfaces. "
1	"Portability, in relation to software, is a measure of how easily an application can be transferred from one computer environment to another. "
1	"Being able to move software from one machine platform to another.  "
1	"It refers to system software or application software that can be recompiled for a different platform or to software that is available for two or more different platforms.  "
1	"An application that can be converted from one computer environment to another. "
1	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another.  "
1	"With regards to Windows apps, such programs would not use the Registry.  "
1	"In a totally portable application, all related files would be stored in a single folder so it can be copied with one command or one drag and drop.  "
1	"The folder would likely have many subfolders, and they would all copy in the same transaction. "
1	"An application stored on a USB flash drive that can run on a computer without leaving any trace of itself when the application is finished.  "
1	"It is designed to restore all changed settings when the program is closed.  "
1	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive. "
1	"To translate software to run in a different computer environment. For example, "port the application to Unix" means make the necessary changes in the program's source code so that it can be compiled and run under the Unix operating system. "
1	"Most software developers agree that portability is a desirable attribute for their software projects. "
1	"The useful life of an application, for example, is likely to be extended, and its user base increased, if it can be migrated to various platforms over its lifetime.  "
1	"In spite of the recognized importance of portability, there is little guidance for the systematic inclusion of portability considerations in the development process. "
1	"The concept of software portability has different meanings to different people.  "
1	"According to some definitions, software is portable only if the executable files can be run on a new platform without change.  "
1	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability.  "
1	"A software unit is portable (exhibits portability) across a class of environments to the degree that the cost to transport and adapt it to a new environment in the class is less than the cost of redevelopment. "
1	"Portability is not a binary attribute.  "
1	"We consider that each software unit has a quantifiable degree of portability to a particular environment or class of environments, based on the cost of porting.  "
1	"Note that the degree of portability is not an absolute; it has meaning only with respect to a specific environment or class. "
1	"There are both costs and benefits associated with developing software in a portable manner. These costs and benefits take a variety of forms. "
1	"We distinguish two major phases of the application porting process. "
1	"Transportation and adaptation. Adaptation includes most of the modifications that need to be made to the original software, including automated retranslation.  "
1	"Transportation refers to the physical movement of the software and associated artifacts, but also includes some low level issues of data representation. "
1	"The alternative to porting software to a new environment is redeveloping it based on the original specifications. "
1	"There are many hardware and software platforms; it is not only a Windows world. "
1	"Users who move to different environments want familiar software. "
1	"But not all processors enforce scatar data items aligned at memory addresses that are even multiples of their own size, to the chagrin of nonportable software. "
1	"Portable software could simply not rely on ANSI C being widely available - GNU C was not yet mature - and it was often an agonizing tradeoff on just how much of ANSI C could be use. "
1	"Most software porters created portability macros that allowed the use of many of these features in code that could be straight K&R or ANSI. "
1	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product". "
1	"In addition, it's often simply not possible to "work around" an issue with an operating system in the same way that conditional compilation can resolve one with the compiler. "
1	"When considering a port to entirely different operating systems these issues become much larger.  "
1	"Though the ANSI C library is highly portable across all supported platforms. "
1	"Only after solving these problems many times does one start to take pre-emptive action to engineer portability in from the very start. "
1	"One approach to the problem of portable software is the design of a universal, hypothetical computer and the implementation of a simulator of the hypothetical computer on the actual machines under consideration. "
1	"The notion of software portability was confined to some research projects in universities. It has now become relevant, in some cases even vital, to the economical development of software in practice.  "
1	"Portability is a characteristic attributed to a computer program if it can be used in an operating systems other than the one in which it was created without requiring major rework.  "
1	"Porting is the task of doing any work necessary to make the computer program run in the new environment.  "
1	"In general, programs that adhere to standard program interfaces are portable.  "
1	"Ideally, such a program needs only to be compiled for the operating system to which it is being ported.  "
1	"However, programmers using standard interfaces also sometimes use operating system extensions or special capabilities that may not be present in the new operating system.  "
1	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system. "
1	"In addition to language differences, porting may also require data conversion and adaptation to new system procedures for running an application. "
1	"Portability has usually meant some work when moving an application program to another operating system.  "
1	"Recently, the Java programming language and runtime environment has made it possible to have programs that run on any operating system that supports the Java standard (from Sun Microsystems) without any porting work.  "
1	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change. "
1	"This is a port of OpenBSD's OpenSSH to most Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, OS X and Cygwin.  "
1	"Portable OpenSSH polyfills OpenBSD APIs that are not available elsewhere, adds sshd sandboxing for more operating systems and includes support for OS-native authentication and auditing. "
1	"The Data Transfer Project makes it easy for people to transfer their data between online service providers.  "
1	"We are establishing a common framework, including data models and protocols, to enable direct transfer of data both into and out of participating online service providers.  "
1	"Embeddable Javascript engine with a focus on portability and compact footprint. "
1	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C. "
1	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework. "
1	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library. "
1	"It is a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of NaCl, with a compatible API, and an extended API to improve usability even further. "
1	"Sodium is cross-platforms and cross-languages.  "
1	"It runs on a variety of compilers and operating systems, including Windows (with MinGW or Visual Studio, x86 and x86_64), iOS and Android. "
1	"Javascript and WebAssembly versions are also available and are fully supported.  "
1	"Bindings for all common programming languages are available and well-supported. "
1	"Portable Computing Language. "
1	"A portable foreign-function interface library. "
1	"Compilers for high level languages generate code that follow certain conventions.  "
1	"These conventions are necessary, in part, for separate compilation to work.  "
1	"The "calling convention" is essentially a set of assumptions made by the compiler about where function arguments will be found on entry to a function. "
1	"Portable Unix shell commands for Node.js "
1	"ShellJS is a portable (Windows/Linux/OS X) implementation of Unix shell commands on top of the Node.js API. "
1	"You can use it to eliminate your shell script's dependency on Unix while still keeping its familiar and powerful commands. "
1	"You can also install it globally so you can run it from outside Node projects - say goodbye to those gnarly Bash scripts! "
1	"Make existing (production) applications portable with minimal disruption "
1	"Provide a model for new applications so that they are portable from inception. "
1	"Advanced image processing and computer vision algorithms made as fluent extensions and built for portability. "
1	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems. "
1	"Halide is a language for fast, portable data-parallel computation. "
1	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs. "
1	"A portable logging abstraction for .NET language. "
1	"Provides a simple logging abstraction to switch between different logging implementations. There is current support for log4net, NLog, Microsoft Enterprise Library logging, Microsoft Application Insights, Microsoft Event Tracing for Windows, and Serilog. "
1	"The Apache Portable Runtime Library provides a predictable and consistent interface to underlying platform-specific implementations, with an API to which software developers may code and be assured of predictable if not identical behavior regardless of the platform on which their software is built, relieving them of the need to code special-case conditions to work around or take advantage of platform-specific deficiencies or features. "
1	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools. "
1	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms. "
1	"These include Microsoft supported platforms (Windows, Windows apps, DNX) as well as other implementations, such as Mono and Xamarin. Some APIs may be removed on certain platforms (such as AppDomains, File I/O, etc.), or refactored into other types (such as some Reflection APIs). "
1	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another. "
1	"This is a userland SCTP stack supporting FreeBSD, Linux, MacOS and Windows. "
1	"A portable SCTP userland stack. "
1	"MultiNEAT is a portable software library for performing neuroevolution, a form of machine learning that trains neural networks with a genetic algorithm. "
1	"No windows or any other operative system (MacOS or Linux) dependency. "
1	"Avoid code changes when deploying your application between Linux and Windows based systems. "
1	"A portable Cygwin environment with many options. It's very useful for "static" installations too. "
1	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control. "
1	"Noriben - Portable, Simple, Malware Analysis Sandbox. "
1	"Parallel Execution and Memory Abstraction in heterogeneous and complex systems. "
1	"PCL Storage provides a consistent, portable set of local file IO APIs for .NET, Windows Phone, Windows Store, Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, and Silverlight.  "
1	"This makes it easier to create cross-platform .NET libraries and apps. "
1	"These differing APIs make it harder to write cross-platform code.  "
1	"Traditionally, you could handle this via conditional compilation. "
1	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs). "
1	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O.  "
1	"It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others. "
1	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps.  "
1	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web. "
1	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps. "
1	"Shadowsocks-Qt5 is a native and cross-platform shadowsocks GUI client with advanced features. "
1	"Thanks to its capabilities, applications can be deployed to mobile devices (iOS, Android), the desktop (Windows, OS X), and to the browser (via the Flash plugin). "
1	"The Cross Platform Game Engine. "
1	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows. "
1	"One of the key objective is to make AES work on all the platforms with simple implementation. "
1	"Expo is a set of tools, libraries, and services that let you build native iOS and Android apps by writing JavaScript. "
1	"Supports all of the most used modern browsers: Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari. "
1	"This doesn't mean that HTML5 Boilerplate cannot be used in older browsers, just that we'll ensure compatibility with the ones mentioned above. "
1	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed. "
1	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine. "
1	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface.  "
1	"Games can be exported in one click to a number of platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, MacOS, Windows) as well as mobile (Android, iOS) and web-based (HTML5) platforms. "
1	"See the official docs for compilation instructions for every supported platform. "
1	"A multi-platform .NET UI framework "
1	"Avalonia is a WPF/UWP-inspired cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of Operating Systems such as Windows (.NET Framework, .NET Core), Linux (via Xorg), MacOS and with experimental support for Android and iOS. "
1	"Multi-platform toolkit. "
1	"GTK is a multi-platform toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces.  "
1	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature. "
1	"It supports the following platforms: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS. "
1	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform. "
1	"It helps you build your bots using similar API for multiple platforms, e.g. Messenger, LINE.  "
1	"Learn once and make writing cross-platform bots easier. "
1	"Sigil is a multi-platform EPUB ebook editor. "
1	"Multi-platform ACL generation system. "
1	"A compiled Win32 portable version of Ncat. "
1	"portable music player. "
1	"Docker toolbox portable for Windows systems. "
1	"Several built-in TTS engine wrappers: AWS Polly TTS API, eSpeak (default), eSpeak-ng, Festival, MacOS (via say), Nuance TTS API. "
1	"Installing an operating system on your Raspberry Pi. "
1	"A dynamic framework is designed to be installed in your operating system and portable to other environments. "
1	"Below shows how to build the standalone executable on macOS, Linux and Windows. "
1	"By using same codebase, you can target Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS. "
1	"Bear should be quite portable on UNIX operating systems. "
1	"Suitable for Unix and Unix-like systems (Linux, macOS, etc.). "
1	"macOS users must also run the following command for Android Studio to see this environment variable. "
1	"SquiDB is a cross-platform SQLite database layer for Android and iOS. "
1	"If you are launching Android Studio from the macOS Finder, you should also run the following two commands."
0	"If there is a compilation error before or during `mix test`, it will be shown as a test failure."
0	"Software usually stays in the same condition as when it was created and unless there are changes caused by hardware - like changes in the storage content or data path – we could assume software doesn’t really “break”."
0	"The process of finding and fixing bugs is termed "debugging" and often uses formal techniques or tools to pinpoint bugs, and since the 1950s, some computer systems have been designed to also deter, detect or auto-correct various computer bugs during operations."
0	"Approximately 75 percent of the cost is related to software maintenance. "
0	"Fixed bug when page is too small to scroll."
0	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways. "
0	"A lightweight powerful flow control component enabling reliability and monitoring for microservices."
0	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs."
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"A testing unit should focus on one tiny bit of functionality and prove it correct."
0	"Hacker News client with a focus on reliability and robustness."
0	"Software has a functionality error if something that you expect it to do is hard, awkward, confusing, or impossible."
0	"StorIO has unit and integration tests."
0	"Is an effort to help new Mozilla contributors make sense of the mass of bugs that are recommended for newcomers. "
0	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle. "
0	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise."
0	"As the number of possible tests for even simple software components is practically infinite, all software testing uses some strategy to select tests that are feasible for the available time and resources."
0	"British destroyer Sheffield was sunk because the radar system wrongly identified an incoming missile as friendly!"
0	"- Fix bug in Disruptor DSL where some consumers wouldn\'t be included in the gating sequences."
0	"v0.3.3 - Bug fixes regarding output and error handling."
0	"Always run the full test suite before a coding session, and run it again after. "
0	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems."
0	"We will continue to accept bug fixes, however."
0	"Exploit Reliability Testing System is used to test reliability of hitting EIP=0x41414141. "
0	"Recognizing these realities and deficiencies, we are placing Ribbon in maintenance mode."
0	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability."
0	"Bugs can trigger errors that may have ripple effects."
0	"Software bugs are of many types. A bug is a bug no matter what. But sometimes, it is important to understand the nature, its implications and the cause to process it better."
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"As the number of possible tests for even simple software components is practically infinite, all software testing uses some strategy to select tests that are feasible for the available time and resources."
0	"Support to fix bugs in constructors currently is under testing."
0	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities. "
0	"Fix a bug in prepared statements"
0	"In 1999, NASA lost its Mars climate orbiter because one of the subcontractors NASA employed had used English units instead of the intended metric system, which caused the orbiter’s thrusters to work incorrectly."
0	"Code project corresponding to a serials of tutorial posts for android unit testing."
0	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions."
0	"This will give you more confidence that you did not break anything in the rest of the code."
0	"Once I started looking into the vulnerability, I realized that this vulnerability is unreliable due to the fact that there is a very small window between free and use of the freed object."
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"By performing searches for aggregated components based on less granular areas of interest, smaller, more focused lists of relevant bugs can be shown, making the experience more pleasant for everybody involved."
0	"Always run the full test suite before a coding session, and run it again after. "
0	"Any errors that occur while the user is interacting with the software needs to be handled in a clear and meaningful manner. If not, it is called as an Error Handling Error."
0	"Most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made in either a program's source code or its design, or in components and operating systems used by such programs. "
0	"It may have originally been used in hardware engineering to describe mechanical malfunctions."
0	"Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training."
0	"Like quicksort, it is efficient in practice and has good average-case performance, but has poor worst-case performance. Quickselect and its variants are the selection algorithms most often used in efficient real-world implementations."
0	"A sampling profiler for Python programs."
0	"Daily software which takes 100% more memory may only result in a minor increased spend on hardware. "
0	"Increase in indispensable memory consumption (base footprint)."
0	"Verify response time is not more than 4 secs when 1000 users access the website simultaneously."
0	"efficient hardware and its operation."
0	"Indexes also improve efficiency on queries that routinely sort on a given field."
0	"Processor Usage - an amount of time processor spends executing non-idle threads."
0	"Some computer scientists point out that the efficiency or performance of software is decreasing when the hardware is becoming more powerful. "
0	"Indexes also improve efficiency on queries that routinely sort on a given field."
0	"Find the best Performance Appraisal Software for your business."
0	"Images are cached to memory and to disk for super fast loading."
0	"Older version was consuming too much memory."
0	"Speed up the basic building blocks of machine learning computation."
0	"Support for indexing and fast querying over flexible tags for each time series/partition, just like Prometheus."
0	"When we work with tiny datasets, we can get away with loading an entire dataset into GPU memory."
0	"Website Speed Test | Check Web Performance » Dotcom-Tools."
0	"A cluster is called noisy if there are lots of jobs and users which compete for resources and there are not enough resources to run all the jobs simultaneously."
0	"If a query searches multiple fields, create a compound index. Scanning an index is much faster than scanning a collection. "
0	"Key terms in software efficiency are: software, hardware, architecture, resources, optimization, efficiency, performance."
0	"Website and Server Uptime Monitoring - Pingdom (Free Signup Link)."
0	"Memory pages/second - number of pages written to or read from the disk in order to resolve hard page faults. Hard page faults are when code not from the current working set is called up from elsewhere and retrieved from a disk."
0	"Key terms in software efficiency are: software, hardware, architecture, resources, optimization, efficiency, performance."
0	"efficient hardware and its operation."
0	"But the timeline of innovation, particularly in open source projects, is also clear and we want our users to understand the direction of flow of innovation in our space."
0	"Efficiency can be defined as, using the resources optimally where resources could be memory, CPU, time, files, connections, databases etc."
0	"Often, disk footprint is confused with memory footprint, since both include certain overlapping areas, such program executable, libraries, etc. "
0	"This adds 15-20% of time overhead for training, but reduces feature map consumption from quadratic to linear."
0	"Intends to classify the known methods of energy efficiency measurement. "
0	"However, when the data are loaded to memory, it will be much more efficient as we would never load those "hole" pages into memory."
0	"Remove unnecessary code or code that goes to redundant processing."
0	"It may seem intuitive to spawn several threads and let them execute concurrently."
0	"This is an Open Source Project."
0	"Efficiently scale-out."
0	"Offers an open-source distributed, real-time, in-memory, massively scalable system ready for analyzing massive sources of data."
0	"Rethinking Data-Intensive Science Using Scalable Analytics Systems."
0	"Gorgonia is currently fairly performant - its speeds are comparable to Theano's and Tensorflow's  CPU implementations."
0	"Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested."
0	"Efficiently monitor traffic flows."
0	"Improves the speed of data retrieval operations on a database table at the cost of additional writes and storage space to maintain the index data structure. "
0	"A ptracing profiler For Python."
0	"Fix bugs in on-disk training."
0	"Extremely high performance."
0	"This thesis proposes a method which uses the response model R to analyze the relations between software performance/efficiency and resource from the software and hardware architectural perspective, hence provide a neat way for the performance or efficiency optimization. "
0	"Long-term memory effects on working memory updating development."
0	"The software metrics that use speed as a factor are important to managers who want software delivered as fast as possible."
0	"Performance engineers set these numbers as per business requirements, and the technical landscape of the application."
0	"Speed - Determines whether the application responds quickly."
0	"Okay, so there still is a server - but it only has a 40 millisecond life cycle! Serverless in this case means "without any permanent infrastructure.""
0	"Characterization of machine learning benchmarks and workloads."
0	"☆ Dareboost: Website Speed Test and Website Analysis."
0	"There are a few high end (and expectedly heavy) laptops like Nvidia GTX 1080 (8 GB VRAM), which can train an average of ~14k examples/second."
0	"Hardware Monitor can tell you quite a bit about CPU and GPU usage, its a small download and a small footprint in terms of system resources."
0	"Furthermore, the development of computational power ensures that inefficiency software can be as functional as efficient software with a just price of higher (but not full) CPU load. Nevertheless, neglecting software efficiency will not become an issue, because it is compensated by the still increasing hardware performance as long as the semiconductor industry does not reach its bottleneck. "
0	"A collection of recent methods on DNN compression and acceleration. There are mainly 5 kinds of methods for efficient DNNs."
0	"Performance engineering is the process by which software is tested and tuned with the intent of realizing the required performance."
0	"It's often helpful to analyze your code for coverage, quality, and performance. "
0	"Lightning-fast cluster computing with Apache Spark."
0	"An efficient densenet using learned group convolutions."
0	"When it comes to improving the execution time of your multiple-task code, you may want to utilize multiple cores in the CPU to execute several tasks simultaneously. "
0	"Indexes can be created using one or more columns of a database table, providing the basis for both rapid random lookups and efficient access of ordered records."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"At least Neo4j and OrientDB can’t stand out in this test despite it’s a simple graph traversal. "
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"It is more complex to implement write-behind than it is to implement cache-aside or write-through."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"Compared to the ROM bootloader that esptool.py talks to, a running firmware uses more of the chip\'s pins to access the SPI flash."
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"KaTeX is faster than MathJax on mobile environment, but MathJax supports more features and is much more beautiful."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"Note: the shortest path query was not tested for some solutions as it would have to be implemented completely on the client side."
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"At least Neo4j and OrientDB can’t stand out in this test despite it’s a simple graph traversal. "
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"Specialized implementations offer better performance compared to standard APIs."
0	"## LICENCE (BSD)  Copyright (c) 2011, Muriçoca Labs  All rights reserved."
0	"See the  LICENSE  file for details."
0	"Limitation of Liability."
0	""Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	""Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files."
0	" Horovod opyright 2018 Uber Technologies, Inc."
0	"Trademarks."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	""Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"m. Sui Generis Database Rights means rights other than copyright resulting from Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, as amended and/or succeeded, as well as other essentially equivalent rights anywhere in the world."
0	"b. ShareAlike."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution.""
0	"In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
0	"A Work made available under CC0 may be protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and Related Rights")."
0	"WHERE DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES ARE NOT ALLOWED IN FULL OR IN PART, THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU."
0	"In addition to the conditions in Section 3(a), if You Share Adapted Material You produce, the following conditions also apply."
0	"Section 1 -- Definitions."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and imitations under the License."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License."
0	"Your exercise of the Licensed Rights is expressly made subject to the following conditions."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or likeness depicted in a Work, v."
0	""Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License."
0	"Please contact me for permission if you intend to publish or use any large part of this work beyond fair-use guidelines."
0	"It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively state the exclusion of warranty, and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found."
0	"MIT License  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License"
0	"This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License."
0	"For example, it may be reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or hyperlink to a resource that includes the required information."
0	"Downstream recipients."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form."
0	"Copyright and Related Rights."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"Copyright (c) 2018 omi  4399.omi@gmail.com"
0	"{one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.}"
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	"Limitation of Liability."
0	"Copyright 2019 Rasa Technologies GmbH."
0	"This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file."
0	"The weights were originally shared under  BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License  on the  PerceptualSimilarity  repository."
0	""License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document."
0	"Copyright © 2006-2018, RANGER Studio LLC."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 刘建平(Pinard Liu)  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	""Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License."
0	"The general purpose animation code found in the remainder of the repository, on the other hand, is under the MIT license."
0	"Synfig Studio is free, open-source 2D animation software."
0	"Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool."
0	"Developer friendly with Markdown syntax support."
0	"Usability means thinking about how and why people use a product. "
0	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface."
0	"The first step in creating a usable product is understanding those goals in the context of the user’s environment, task or work flow, and letting these needs inform the design."
0	"It’s usually a good idea to look at the usability improvements first. "
0	"It is also important to create patterns in language, layout and design throughout the site to help facilitate efficiency. "
0	"A usable product does not mean automatically that its interface is simple or easy to use. "
0	"Satisfaction: How pleasant is it to use the design?"
0	"The term intuitive is often listed as a desirable trait in usable interfaces, often used as a synonym for learnable. "
0	"Consider the spatial relationships between items on the page and structure the page based on importance."
0	"Keep the interface simple. "
0	"The first step in creating a usable product is understanding those goals in the context of the user’s environment, task or work flow, and letting these needs inform the design."
0	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout."
0	"Strategically use color and texture. "
0	"User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions. "
0	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture."
0	"The term intuitive is often listed as a desirable trait in usable interfaces, often used as a synonym for learnable. "
0	"Errors: How many errors do users make, how severe are these errors, and how easily can they recover from the errors?"
0	"Chrome extension to make Rietveld code review more usable."
0	"Make sure that the system communicates what’s happening.  Always inform your users of location, actions, changes in state, or errors. The use of various UI elements to communicate status and, if necessary, next steps can reduce frustration for your user. "
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device."
0	"Carefully consider how you use typeface. "
0	"The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products."
0	"Think about the defaults. By carefully thinking about and anticipating the goals people bring to your site, you can create defaults that reduce the burden on the user.  This becomes particularly important when it comes to form design where you might have an opportunity to have some fields pre-chosen or filled out."
0	"Consider the spatial relationships between items on the page and structure the page based on importance."
0	"Memorability: When users return to the design after a period of not using it, how easily can they re-establish proficiency?"
0	"Working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive."
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout."
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"Satisfaction: How pleasant is it to use the design?"
0	"You will get a lot of useful enhancements that will improve Redmine usability: ability to replace the standard preloader that blocks the entire page; ability to hide the sidebar, fast preview of photos and others."
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging."
0	"Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data"
0	"Intuitive and flexible options that allows customization."
0	"Intuitive and flexible options that allows customization."
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. "
0	"It is the comparison of usability with technology and without technology. "
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"Containers: accordion, tables, lists and others."
0	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met. "
0	"Usability means thinking about how and why people use a product. "
0	"Usability-As-A-Service tool for Web Applications."
0	"The task of differentiating the colors, however, becomes much harder when the patterns on the map are complex, such as in the lower left corner of the diagnostic map."
0	"The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products."
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"Usability-As-A-Service tool for Web Applications."
0	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business."
0	"A user experience designer can control accessibility, user interface, information architecture and usability to suit the uncontrolled aspects like goals, user lifestyle and habits. "
0	"Human–computer interaction (HCI) researches the design and use of computer technology, focused on the interfaces between people (users) and computers."
0	"The design team should be user-driven and it should be in direct contact with potential users. "
0	"The first step in creating a usable product is understanding those goals in the context of the user’s environment, task or work flow, and letting these needs inform the design."
0	"Several evaluation methods, including personas, cognitive modeling, inspection, inquiry, prototyping, and testing methods may contribute to understanding potential users and their perceptions of how well the product or process works. "
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable."
0	"Cognitive modeling involves creating a computational model to estimate how long it takes people to perform a given task. "
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface."
0	"Test the system early on, and test the system on real users using behavioral measurements. "
0	"Syntax Highlighting - Language specific syntax highlighting with multiple color schemes."
0	"## Pull Requests."
0	" $ git commit."
0	"This doesn\'t require a lot of time, but review by the maintainer is important to maintain quality."
0	""."
0	"Manual."
0	"Thanks to [The Art of Command Line](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line) for the translation template."
0	"Make sure all tests are passed."
0	"Please check CONTRIBUTING for more information."
0	"* Make sure the PR title is in the format of `Add project-name`."
0	"Thanks to Haase & Martin OHG for contributing the logo."
0	"[main repository](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer) on GitHub."
0	"How can I contribute?"
0	"Forum for a high-level discussion with the wider community before implementation."
0	"Tutorials."
0	"Here is the process for maintaining translations:."
0	"We need folks to help with documentation, translation, promotion etc."
0	"You can suggest us of new improvements you want by creating new Issue here."
0	"Create a fork of the main ChatterBot repository on GitHub."
0	"We monitor channels listed below for comments/questions."
0	"Check out our contributing documentation."
0	"Join the official Slack room."
0	"* Add links to your translation at the top of every README*.md file."
