category	text
1	"All contributions, bug reports, bug fixes, documentation improvements, enhancements and ideas are welcome. "
1	"A detailed overview on how to contribute can be found in the contributing guide. "
1	"There is also an overview on GitHub. "
1	"If you are simply looking to start working with the pandas codebase, navigate to the GitHub "issues" tab and start looking through interesting issues. "
1	"There are a number of issues listed under Docs and good first issue where you could start out. "
1	"You can also triage issues which may include reproducing bug reports, or asking for vital information such as version numbers or reproduction instructions. "
1	"If you would like to start triaging issues, one easy way to get started is to subscribe to pandas on CodeTriage. "
1	"Or maybe through using pandas you have an idea of your own or are looking for something in the documentation and thinking ‘this can be improved’..you can do something about it! "
1	"Feel free to ask questions on the mailing list or on Gitter. "
1	"Seaborn development takes place on Github. "
1	"Please submit any reproducible bugs you encounter to the issue tracker. "
1	"CONTRIBUTING: how to contribute to the project. "
1	"MAINTAINERS: an ordered list of project maintainers. "
1	"CHARTER: open source project charter. "
1	"CODE_OF_CONDUCT: Code of conduct for contributors. "
1	"Please review the Contribution to Spark guide for information on how to get started contributing to the project. "
1	"Fork and Contribute. "
1	"This is an active open-source project. "
1	"We are always open to people who want to use the system or contribute to it. "
1	"Contact us if you are looking for implementation tasks that fit your skills. "
1	"This article describes how to contribute to Apache Flink. "
1	"Contributing. "
1	"See CONTRIBUTING for details on submitting patches and the contribution workflow. "
1	"How can I contribute? "
1	"Take a look at issues with tag called Good first issue or Help wanted. "
1	"Join the discussion on mailing list, subscription guide. "
1	"Answer questions on issues. "
1	"Fix bugs reported on issues, and send us pull request. "
1	"Review the existing pull request. "
1	"Improve the website, typically we need. "
1	"blog post. "
1	"translation on documentation. "
1	"use cases about how Dubbo is being used in enterprise system. "
1	"Improve the dubbo-admin/dubbo-monitor. "
1	"Contribute to the projects listed in ecosystem. "
1	"Any form of contribution that is not mentioned above. "
1	"If you would like to contribute, please send an email to dev@dubbo.apache.org to let us know! "
1	"Getting Involved and Contributing. "
1	"Interested in helping out with Apache CloudStack? "
1	"Great! "
1	"We welcome participation from anybody willing to work The Apache Way and make a contribution. "
1	"Note that you do not have to be a developer in order to contribute to Apache CloudStack. "
1	"We need folks to help with documentation, translation, promotion etc. "
1	"See our contribution page. "
1	"If you're interested in learning more or participating in the Apache CloudStack project, the mailing lists are the best way to do that. "
1	"While the project has several communications channels, the mailing lists are the most active and the official channels for making decisions about the project itself. "
1	"Mailing lists. "
1	"Development Mailing List. "
1	"Users Mailing List. "
1	"Commits Mailing List. "
1	"Issues Mailing List. "
1	"Marketing Mailing List. "
1	"IRC, join us on irc.freenode.net on. "
1	"#cloudstack: General Apache CloudStack conversation and end user support. "
1	"#cloudstack-dev: Development discussions. "
1	"Report and/or check bugs on JIRA and check our developer page for contributing code. "
1	"Contributing "
1	"Please see CONTRIBUTING for more info. "
1	"Who Maintains Apache Airflow? "
1	"Airflow is the work of the community, but the core committers/maintainers are responsible for reviewing and merging PRs as well as steering conversation around new feature requests. "
1	"If you would like to become a maintainer, please review the Apache Airflow committer requirements. "
1	"Contributing "
1	"Want to help build Apache Airflow? "
1	"Check out our contributing documentation. "
1	"Contact Us. "
1	"To get involved in Apache Beam. "
1	"Subscribe or mail the user@beam.apache.org list. "
1	"Subscribe or mail the dev@beam.apache.org list. "
1	"Report issues on JIRA. "
1	"We also have a contributor's guide. "
1	"We welcome contributions, and encourage you to get involved in the CXF community. "
1	"If you'd like to learn more about how you can contribute, please see: http://cxf.apache.org/getting-involved.html "
1	"Starring repositories lets maintainers know you appreciate their work and helps you track projects you don’t contribute to. "
1	"Watch repositories to get notifications when someone opens an issue or submits a pull request. "
1	"Contributions. "
1	"Spread the word. "
1	"Open pull requests. "
1	"Reach out with any feedback. "
1	"Contributing. "
1	"We are excited to work alongside you, our amazing community, to build and enhance Windows Terminal! "
1	"We ask that before you start work on a feature that you would like to contribute, please file an issue describing your proposed change: We will be happy to work with you to figure out the best approach, provide guidance and mentorship throughout feature development, and help avoid any wasted or duplicate effort. "
1	"👉 Remember! "
1	"Your contributions may be incorporated into future versions of Windows! "
1	"Because of this, all pull requests will be subject to the same level of scrutiny for quality, coding standards, performance, globalization, accessibility, and compatibility as those of our internal contributors. "
1	"⚠ Note: The Command-Line Team is actively working out of this repository and will be periodically re-structuring the code to make it easier to comprehend, navigate, build, test, and contribute to, so DO expect significant changes to code layout on a regular basis. "
1	"Debugging "
1	"To debug in VS, right click on CascadiaPackage (from VS Solution Explorer) and go to properties, in the Debug menu, change "Application process" and "Background task process" to "Native Only" "
1	"Repo for counting stars and contributing. "
1	"For law professionals or anyone who is willing to contribute to future version directly, please go to Anti-996-License-1.0. "
1	"Thank you. "
1	"For guidance on setting up a development environment and how to make a contribution to Flask, see the contributing guidelines. "
1	"Donate. "
1	"The Pallets organization develops and supports Flask and the libraries it uses. "
1	"In order to grow the community of contributors and users, and allow the maintainers to devote more time to the projects, please donate today. "
1	"We're happy to meet new contributors. "
1	"If you want to get involved with Leaflet development, check out the contribution guide. "
1	"Contributing to pandas Open Source Helpers. "
1	"All contributions, bug reports, bug fixes, documentation improvements, enhancements and ideas are welcome. "
1	"A detailed overview on how to contribute can be found in the contributing guide. "
1	"There is also an overview on GitHub. "
1	"If you are simply looking to start working with the pandas codebase, navigate to the GitHub "issues" tab and start looking through interesting issues. "
1	"There are a number of issues listed under Docs and good first issue where you could start out. "
1	"You can also triage issues which may include reproducing bug reports, or asking for vital information such as version numbers or reproduction instruction. "
1	"If you would like to start triaging issues, one easy way to get started is to subscribe to pandas on CodeTriage. "
1	"Or maybe through using pandas you have an idea of your own or are looking for something in the documentation and thinking ‘this can be improved’..you can do something about it! "
1	"Feel free to ask questions on the mailing list or on Gitter. "
1	"Contribution guidelines "
1	"If you want to contribute to models, be sure to review the contribution guidelines. "
1	"How to Contribute "
1	"We welcome community contributions to nGraph. "
1	"If you have an idea for how to improve it. "
1	"Share your proposal via GitHub issues. "
1	"Ensure you can build the product and run all the examples with your patch. "
1	"In the case of a larger feature, create a test. "
1	"Submit a pull request. "
1	"We will review your contribution and, if any additional fixes or modifications are necessary, may provide feedback to guide you. "
1	"When accepted, your pull request will be merged to the repository. "
1	"Update CONTRIBUTING.md and include it in future releases. "
1	"Finally, create a pull request. "
1	"We'll then review and merge it. "
1	"In any case, thank you very much for your contributions! "
1	"Many contributors, including myself, are also not native speakers, so we may misread some parts. "
1	"Other editors will require external contributions. "
1	"Contributing to Black. "
1	"In terms of inspiration, Black is about as configurable as gofmt. "
1	"This is deliberate. "
1	"Bug reports and fixes are always welcome! "
1	"However, before you suggest a new feature or configuration knob, ask yourself why you want it. "
1	"If it enables better integration with some workflow, fixes an inconsistency, speeds things up, and so on - go for it! "
1	"On the other hand, if your answer is "because I don't like a particular formatting" then you're not ready to embrace Black yet. "
1	"Such changes are unlikely to get accepted. "
1	"You can still try but prepare to be disappointed. "
1	"More details can be found in CONTRIBUTING. "
1	"How to Contribute. "
1	"We welcome community contributions to nGraph. "
1	"If you have an idea for how to improve it. "
1	"Share your proposal via GitHub issues. "
1	"Ensure you can build the product and run all the examples with your patch. "
1	"In the case of a larger feature, create a test. "
1	"Submit a pull request. "
1	"We will review your contribution and, if any additional fixes or modifications are necessary, may provide feedback to guide you. "
1	"When accepted, your pull request will be merged to the repository. "
1	"To contribute to Django, check out https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/contributing/ for information about getting involved. "
1	"Contributing. "
1	"Please read through our contributing guidelines. "
1	"Included are directions for opening issues, coding standards, and notes on development. "
1	"Moreover, if your pull request contains JavaScript patches or features, you must include relevant unit tests. "
1	"All HTML and CSS should conform to the Code Guide, maintained by Mark Otto. "
1	"Editor preferences are available in the editor config for easy use in common text editors. "
1	"Read more and download plugins at https://editorconfig.org/. "
1	"Community. "
1	"Get updates on Bootstrap's development and chat with the project maintainers and community members. "
1	"Follow @getbootstrap on Twitter. "
1	"Read and subscribe to The Official Bootstrap Blog. "
1	"Join the official Slack room. "
1	"Chat with fellow Bootstrappers in IRC. "
1	"On the irc.freenode.net server, in the ##bootstrap channel. "
1	"Implementation help may be found at Stack Overflow (tagged bootstrap-4). "
1	"Developers should use the keyword bootstrap on packages which modify or add to the functionality of Bootstrap when distributing through npm or similar. "
1	"delivery mechanisms for maximum discoverability. "
1	"How To Contribute. "
1	"Please read CONTRIBUTING. "
1	"If you're new to Github, welcome! "
1	"We've set up a separate document for our contribution guidelines. "
1	"Contributing to Node.js. "
1	"Contributing to the project. "
1	"Working Groups. "
1	"Strategic Initiatives. "
1	"You are welcome to contribute to this exciting project. "
1	"Please first check Issue lists for "help wanted" tag and comment the one you are interested. "
1	"We will assign the issue to you. "
1	"Fork the master branch and add your improvement/modification/fix. "
1	"Create a pull request to development branch and follow the pull request template PR template. "
1	"Automatic tests will be triggered. "
1	"Make sure all tests are passed. "
1	"Please make sure all added modules are accompanied with proper test functions. "
1	"To make sure the code has the same style and standard, please refer to abod.py, hbos.py, or feature_bagging.py for example. "
1	"You are also welcome to share your ideas by opening an issue or dropping me an email at zhaoy@cmu.edu :) "
1	"You are welcome to contribute to the Steppy library. "
1	"Please check CONTRIBUTING for more information. "
1	"You can learn more about using and contributing to CNTK with the following resources: "
1	"General documentation. "
1	"Python API documentation. "
1	"Evaluation documentation (C++, C#/.NET, Python, Java). "
1	"Manual. "
1	"Tutorials. "
1	"Examples. "
1	"Pretrained models. "
1	"Blog. "
1	"Presentations. "
1	"I happily welcome your contributions here! "
1	"Please adhere to contributing.md, when contributing code. "
1	"Pull requests that deviate from the contributing.md, could be labelled as invalid, and closed (without merging to master). "
1	"These best practices will ensure integrity, when revisions of code, or issues need to be reviewed. "
1	"Note: support, and philantropy can be inquired, to further assist with development. "
1	"Contribute to XGBoost. "
1	"XGBoost has been developed and used by a group of active community members. "
1	"Your help is very valuable to make the package better for everyone. "
1	"Checkout the Community Page. "
1	"How to contribute "
1	"Please subscribe to our development mailing list dev-subscribe@singa.incubator.apache.org. "
1	"If you find any issues using SINGA, please report it to the Issue Tracker. "
1	"You can also contact with SINGA committers directly. "
1	"More details on contributing to SINGA is described here . "
1	"Thanks to all our contributing authors, including (in chronological order): "
1	"We would like to thank the Python community for building an amazing architecture. "
1	"We would like to thank the statistics community for building an amazing architecture. "
1	"b"# Contributing. "
1	"Your contributions are always welcome!. "
1	"## Guidelines. "
1	"* Add one link per Pull Request. "
1	"* Make sure the PR title is in the format of `Add project-name`. "
1	"* Write down the reason why the library is awesome. "
1	"* Add the link: `* [project-name](http://example.com/) - A short description ends with a period.` "
1	" * Keep descriptions concise. "
1	"* Add a section if needed. "
1	"* Add the section description. "
1	"* Add the section title to Table of Contents. "
1	"* Search previous Pull Requests or Issues before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate. "
1	"* Don't mention `Python` in the description as it's implied. "
1	"* Check your spelling and grammar. "
1	"* Remove any trailing whitespace. "
1	"". "
1	"Contributing "
1	"============. "
1	"Contributions are welcome!. "
1	"**Please carefully read this page to make the code review process go as smoothly as possible and to maximize the likelihood of your contribution being merged.**. "
1	"## Bug Reports. "
1	"For bug reports or requests [submit an issue](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer/issues). "
1	"## Pull Requests. "
1	"The preferred way to contribute is to fork the "
1	"[main repository](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer) on GitHub. "
1	"1. "
1	"Fork the [main repository](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer). "
1	"Click on the \'Fork\' button near the top of the page. "
1	"This creates a copy of the code under your account on the GitHub server. "
1	"2. "
1	"Clone this copy to your local disk:. "
1	"$ git clone git@github.com:YourLogin/system-design-primer.git "
1	" $ cd system-design-primer. "
1	"3. "
1	"Create a branch to hold your changes and start making changes. "
1	"Don\'t work in the `master` branch!. "
1	"$ git checkout -b my-feature. "
1	"4. "
1	"Work on this copy on your computer using Git to do the version control. "
1	"When you\'re done editing, run the following to record your changes in Git:. "
1	"$ git add modified_files "
1	" $ git commit. "
1	"5. "
1	"Push your changes to GitHub with:. "
1	"$ git push -u origin my-feature. "
1	"6. "
1	"Finally, go to the web page of your fork of the `system-design-primer` repo and click \'Pull Request\' to send your changes for review. "
1	"### GitHub Pull Requests Docs. "
1	"If you are not familiar with pull requests, review the [pull request docs](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/). "
1	"## Translations. "
1	"We\'d like for the guide to be available in many languages. "
1	"Here is the process for maintaining translations:. "
1	"* This original version and content of the guide is maintained in English. "
1	"* Translations follow the content of the original. "
1	"Unfortunately, contributors must speak at least some English, so that translations do not diverge. "
1	"* Each translation has a maintainer to update the translation as the original evolves and to review others\' changes. "
1	"This doesn\'t require a lot of time, but review by the maintainer is important to maintain quality. "
1	"### Changes to translations. "
1	"* Changes to content should be made to the English version first, and then translated to each other language. "
1	"* Changes that improve translations should be made directly on the file for that language. "
1	"PRs should only modify one language at a time. "
1	"* Submit a PR with changes to the file in that language. "
1	"Each language has a maintainer, who reviews changes in that language. "
1	"Then the primary maintainer @donnemartin merges it in. "
1	"* Prefix PRs and issues with language codes if they are for that translation only, e.g. "
1	""es: Improve grammar", so maintainers can find them easily. "
1	"### Adding translations to new languages. "
1	"Translations to new languages are always welcome, especially if you can maintain the translation!. "
1	"* Check existing issues to see if a translation is in progress or stalled. "
1	"If so, offer to help. "
1	"* If it is not in progress, file an issue for your language so people know you are working on it and we can arrange. "
1	"Confirm you are native level in the language and are willing to maintain the translation, so it\'s not orphaned. "
1	"* To get it started, fork the repo, then submit a PR with the single file README-xx.md added, where xx is the language code. "
1	"Use standard [IETF language tags](https://www.w3.org/International/articles/language-tags/), i.e. "
1	"the same as is used by Wikipedia, *not* the code for a single country. "
1	"These are usually just the two-letter lowercase code, for example, `fr` for French and `uk` for Ukrainian (not `ua`, which is for the country). "
1	"For languages that have variations, use the shortest tag, such as `zh-Hant`. "
1	"* Invite friends to review if possible. "
1	"If desired, feel free to invite friends to help your original translation by letting them fork your repo, then merging their PRs. "
1	"* Add links to your translation at the top of every README*.md file. "
1	"(For consistency, the link should be added in alphabetical order by ISO code, and the anchor text should be in the native language.) "
1	"* When done, indicate on the PR that it\'s ready to be merged into the main repo. "
1	"* Once accepted, your PR will be squashed into a single commit into the `master` branch. "
1	"### Translation template credits. "
1	"Thanks to [The Art of Command Line](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line) for the translation template. "
1	"b"# Contributing guidelines. "
1	"If you have created a model and would like to publish it here, please send us a "
1	"pull request. "
1	"For those just getting started with pull requests, GitHub has a "
1	"[howto](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/). "
1	"The code for any model in this repository is licensed under the Apache License "
1	"In order to accept our code, we have to make sure that we can publish your code: "
1	"You have to sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA). "
1	"We appreciate all contributions. "
1	"A non-exhaustive but growing list needs to mention: Trevor Killeen, Sasank Chilamkurthy, Sergey Zagoruyko, Adam Lerer, Francisco Massa, Alykhan Tejani, Luca Antiga, Alban Desmaison, Andreas Kopf, James Bradbury, Zeming Lin, Yuandong Tian, Guillaume Lample, Marat Dukhan, Natalia Gimelshein, Christian Sarofeen, Martin Raison, Edward Yang, Zachary Devito. "
1	"### How to contribute #### What to contribute? "
1	"Please contribute if you find any bug in xLearn. "
1	"Contribute to the documents to make it clearer for everyone. "
1	"Open issue if you met problems during development. "
1	"File a new issue or submit a new pull request if you have some code you'd like to contribute. "
1	"Development Want to contribute? "
1	"Contributing Please read through our contributing guidelines. "
1	"Contributors Check the list of contributors. "
1	"You can suggest us of new improvements you want by creating new Issue here. "
1	"Contributors: - Akarsha Sehwag (@aksh98) - Kushagra Arora (@kushagra7589) "
1	"In your commit messages, refer to this issue. "
1	"Community Slack — Come join almost a thousand members discussing the future of the project. "
1	"Special Thanks All the amazing contributors❤️. "
1	"Contributing Contributions are welcome! "
1	"Contributing Want to help build Compose? "
1	"Check out our contributing documentation. "
1	"Contributions are most welcome! "
1	"Many thanks for your participation!! "
1	"We need your support! "
1	"Thanks everybody for contributing. "
1	"Contributing is always welcome. "
1	"Thank you to all contributors! "
1	"Check out our contributing documentation. "
1	"Bug Reports, GitHub Issue Tracker, 🎁 Feature Requests| GitHub Issue Tracker, 👩‍💻 Usage Questions, Stack Overflow, Gitter Chat, Reddit User Group, 🗯 General Discussion, Gitter Chat, Reddit User  "
1	"Acknowledgements We thank Jaakko Lehtinen, David Luebke, and Tuomas Kynkäänniemi for in-depth discussions and helpful comments; Janne Hellsten, Tero Kuosmanen, and Pekka Jänis for compute infrastructure and help with the code release. "
1	"If you're a Python or Django developer, fork the repo and get stuck in! "
1	"Take a look at the data files in the chatterbot-corpus package if you are interested in contributing. "
1	"Thanks to some awesome contributers , packaging Gooey as an executable is super easy. "
1	"Contributions of additional training data or training data in other languages would be greatly appreciated. "
1	"Create a fork of the main ChatterBot repository on GitHub. "
1	"Related Projects List of known projects that fork or use changes from ungoogled-chromium "
1	"The development of Mailpile is funded by a large community of backers. "
1	"ow to Contribute You are welcome to contribute to the project as follow: fork project and commit pull requests, add/edit wiki, report/fix issue code review, commit new feature, add testcase. "
1	"Contributing See guidelines for contributing here. "
1	"Contributing Interested in contributing to Deis? "
1	"Contributions to Gixy are always welcome! "
1	"There are tasks for contributors of all experience levels. "
1	"How to setup my contributor environment? "
1	"To learn more about who specifically contributed to this codebase, see our contributors page. "
1	"Please use Rasa Community Forum for quick answers to questions. "
1	"Visit our contributor guidelines for additional details. "
1	"To correct this table, please create a new issue. "
1	"For more details, see the file CONTRIBUTING.md. "
1	"Thanks for your interest in contributing! "
1	"Faster R-CNN was initially described in an  arXiv tech report  and was subsequently published in NIPS 2015. "
1	"It results in faster (~ 1.5x speedup) training times and similar detection accuracy. "
1	"We should have awe-inspiring speed and crazy-good compression. "
1	"Contributions are welcome. "
1	"Visit our  contributor guidelines  for additional details. "
1	"Please use  Rasa Community Forum  for quick answers to questions. "
1	"Community : Discord Chat "
1	"Issue Tracking Marathon uses JIRA to track issues, so please, going forward please use JIRA always. "
1	"Contributors are usually available to field questions, give advice and discuss ideas on the Gitter channel , and for people wanting to take their first steps at contributing we have a selection of open issues flagged up as being good candidates to take on. "
1	"Authors Marathon was created by Tobias Knaup and Florian Leibert and continues to be developed by the team at Mesosphere and by many contributors from the community. "
1	"There wasn't enough contribution to warrant keeping it in Java The packages were all namespaced under a person's name and not the company's name Scala is more fun  Issues It was a pretty fast Java to Scala port so lots of the nicities of the Scala language aren't in the codebase yet. "
1	"Become a member of the community by contributing to our codebase. "
1	"You can find more plugins made by the community at GitBucket community plugins. "
1	"We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all, and ask that the community adhere to the Scala Code of Conduct. "
1	"Also be sure to check out the community wiki for the chapter notes , links to more reading, and more. "
1	"Contributing We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow Twitter's Open Source Code of Conduct in all interactions with the community. "
1	"See CONTRIBUTING.md for info on contributing changes. "
1	"Community Prisma has a community of thousands of amazing developers and contributors. "
1	"See CONTRIBUTING.md for contribution guidelines. "
1	"Community help with keeping the build working on Windows is appreciated. "
1	"Community You can join these groups and chats to discuss and ask Akka related questions:  Forums: discuss.akka.io Chat room about using Akka: Issue tracker: In addition to that, you may enjoy following:  The news section of the page, which is updated whenever a new version is released The Akka Team Blog @akkateam on Twitter Questions tagged #akka on StackOverflow Projects built with Akka! "
1	"Get help on Stack Overflow Community Gitter Chat Contributors Gitter! "
1	"We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all, and ask that the community adhere to the Scala Code of Conduct. "
1	"To request a community build run on your PR, just ask in a comment on the PR and a Scala team member (probably @SethTisue) will take care of it. "
1	"Contributing We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow Twitter's Open Source Code of Conduct in all interactions with the community. "
1	"Community builds run on the Scala Jenkins instance. "
1	"Questions or need help?Ask the community! "
1	"See the scala/community-builds repo. "
1	"The project uses Slack to facilitate conversation in our community. "
1	"We welcome contributions to Delta Lake. "
1	"Refer to the CONTRIBUTING.md file for more details about the workflow, and general hints on how to prepare your pull request. "
1	"You can also ask for clarifications or guidance in GitHub issues directly, or in the akka/dev chat if a more real time communication would be of benefit. "
1	"If you are interested in contributing, please visit the community page for ways in which you can help. "
1	"We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow Twitter's Open Source Code of Conduct in all interactions with the community. "
1	"This guide document introduce how to contribute to CarbonData. "
1	"You can also contact the community for getting answers. "
1	"We monitor channels listed below for comments/questions. "
1	"Support Any problem? Contact us for help. "
1	"Forum for a high-level discussion with the wider community before implementation. "
1	"Sign up for our Community Newsletter to get regular tips, learn about other use-cases and get alerted of blogposts and tutorials about Realm. "
1	"For larger changes and feature ideas, we ask that you propose it on the unofficial Community Forum for a high-level discussion with the wider community before implementation. "
1	"Welcome contribute your amazing animation effect. "
1	"To contribute, you need to work with libGDX' sources directly, something normal users do not have to go through. "
1	"Contributing: Code Instructions on how to setup your development environment and build Signal can be found in BUILDING.md. "
1	"Before you open an issue or create a pull request, please read Contributing Guide first. "
1	"The terms of the license are as follows: The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2004 Kohsuke Kawaguchi, Sun Microsystems Inc., and a number of other contributors. "
1	"If you would like to contribute, please send an email to dev@dubbo.apache.org to let us know! "
1	"Thanks to Haase & Martin OHG for contributing the logo. "
1	"Contributers  craya1982  Thanks  Inspired by in daimajia. "
1	"How can I contribute? Answer questions on issues. Review the existing pull request. Reporting a security vulnerability Please report security vulnerability to us privately. "
1	"Glide is open source. "
1	"Think you found a bug? Open an issue. "
1	"Have a feature request? Open an issue. "
1	"Get involved in the community forum or check out the wiki! "
1	"For more details, see the Contributing docs page . "
1	"We have an ever-growing community of users and engine developers.  "
1	"The main community channels are listed on the homepage. "
1	"To get in touch with the developers, the best way is to join the IRC channel on Freenode. "
1	"To get started contributing to the project, see the contributing guide. "
1	"Please read the contribution guidelines before submitting a pull request. "
1	"This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute."
0	"Noriben - Portable, Simple, Malware Analysis Sandbox."
0	"In addition, it's often simply not possible to "work around" an issue with an operating system in the same way that conditional compilation can resolve one with the compiler."
0	"But not all processors enforce scatar data items aligned at memory addresses that are even multiples of their own size, to the chagrin of nonportable software."
0	"Multi-platform toolkit."
0	"Make existing (production) applications portable with minimal disruption"
0	"The Data Transfer Project makes it easy for people to transfer their data between online service providers. "
0	"It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others."
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"By using same codebase, you can target Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS."
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"Users who move to different environments want familiar software."
0	"In addition, it's often simply not possible to "work around" an issue with an operating system in the same way that conditional compilation can resolve one with the compiler."
0	"ShellJS is a portable (Windows/Linux/OS X) implementation of Unix shell commands on top of the Node.js API."
0	"Avoid code changes when deploying your application between Linux and Windows based systems."
0	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed."
0	"Transportation refers to the physical movement of the software and associated artifacts, but also includes some low level issues of data representation."
0	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps. "
0	"portable music player."
0	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps. "
0	"The notion of software portability was confined to some research projects in universities. It has now become relevant, in some cases even vital, to the economical development of software in practice. "
0	"A compiled Win32 portable version of Ncat."
0	"We distinguish two major phases of the application porting process."
0	"The alternative to porting software to a new environment is redeveloping it based on the original specifications."
0	"Javascript and WebAssembly versions are also available and are fully supported. "
0	"It is a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of NaCl, with a compatible API, and an extended API to improve usability even further."
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"Though the ANSI C library is highly portable across all supported platforms."
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"Sodium is cross-platforms and cross-languages. "
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"Portability is a characteristic attributed to a computer program if it can be used in an operating systems other than the one in which it was created without requiring major rework. "
0	"However, programmers using standard interfaces also sometimes use operating system extensions or special capabilities that may not be present in the new operating system. "
0	"We distinguish two major phases of the application porting process."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"The prerequirement for portability is the generalized abstraction between the application logic and system interfaces."
0	"We are establishing a common framework, including data models and protocols, to enable direct transfer of data both into and out of participating online service providers. "
0	"Though the ANSI C library is highly portable across all supported platforms."
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"Learn once and make writing cross-platform bots easier."
0	"With regards to Windows apps, such programs would not use the Registry. "
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others."
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"A compiled Win32 portable version of Ncat."
0	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine."
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"In addition to language differences, porting may also require data conversion and adaptation to new system procedures for running an application."
0	"A software unit is portable (exhibits portability) across a class of environments to the degree that the cost to transport and adapt it to a new environment in the class is less than the cost of redevelopment."
0	"One of the key objective is to make AES work on all the platforms with simple implementation."
0	"Supports all of the most used modern browsers: Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari."
0	"It supports the following platforms: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS."
0	"Portable software could simply not rely on ANSI C being widely available - GNU C was not yet mature - and it was often an agonizing tradeoff on just how much of ANSI C could be use."
0	"The alternative to porting software to a new environment is redeveloping it based on the original specifications."
0	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed."
0	"When considering a port to entirely different operating systems these issues become much larger. "
0	"Users who move to different environments want familiar software."
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"In general, programs that adhere to standard program interfaces are portable. "
0	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. "
0	"In addition, it's often simply not possible to "work around" an issue with an operating system in the same way that conditional compilation can resolve one with the compiler."
0	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product"."
0	"Though the ANSI C library is highly portable across all supported platforms."
0	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms."
0	"These conventions are necessary, in part, for separate compilation to work. "
0	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform."
0	"It helps you build your bots using similar API for multiple platforms, e.g. Messenger, LINE. "
0	"Transportation refers to the physical movement of the software and associated artifacts, but also includes some low level issues of data representation."
0	"Provides a simple logging abstraction to switch between different logging implementations. There is current support for log4net, NLog, Microsoft Enterprise Library logging, Microsoft Application Insights, Microsoft Event Tracing for Windows, and Serilog."
0	"To translate software to run in a different computer environment. For example, "port the application to Unix" means make the necessary changes in the program's source code so that it can be compiled and run under the Unix operating system."
0	"Sodium is cross-platforms and cross-languages. "
0	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library."
0	"portable music player."
0	"We are establishing a common framework, including data models and protocols, to enable direct transfer of data both into and out of participating online service providers. "
0	"A compiled Win32 portable version of Ncat."
0	"It is a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of NaCl, with a compatible API, and an extended API to improve usability even further."
0	"Being able to move software from one machine platform to another. "
0	"It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others."
0	"MultiNEAT is a portable software library for performing neuroevolution, a form of machine learning that trains neural networks with a genetic algorithm."
0	"Sigil is a multi-platform EPUB ebook editor."
0	"By using same codebase, you can target Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS."
0	"Portability has usually meant some work when moving an application program to another operating system. "
0	"However, programmers using standard interfaces also sometimes use operating system extensions or special capabilities that may not be present in the new operating system. "
0	"One approach to the problem of portable software is the design of a universal, hypothetical computer and the implementation of a simulator of the hypothetical computer on the actual machines under consideration."
0	"Portable software could simply not rely on ANSI C being widely available - GNU C was not yet mature - and it was often an agonizing tradeoff on just how much of ANSI C could be use."
0	"PCL Storage provides a consistent, portable set of local file IO APIs for .NET, Windows Phone, Windows Store, Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, and Silverlight. "
0	"One of the key objective is to make AES work on all the platforms with simple implementation."
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"No windows or any other operative system (MacOS or Linux) dependency."
0	"PCL Storage provides a consistent, portable set of local file IO APIs for .NET, Windows Phone, Windows Store, Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, and Silverlight. "
0	"Provide a model for new applications so that they are portable from inception."
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"The Apache Portable Runtime Library provides a predictable and consistent interface to underlying platform-specific implementations, with an API to which software developers may code and be assured of predictable if not identical behavior regardless of the platform on which their software is built, relieving them of the need to code special-case conditions to work around or take advantage of platform-specific deficiencies or features."
0	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C."
0	"It helps you build your bots using similar API for multiple platforms, e.g. Messenger, LINE. "
0	"Expo is a set of tools, libraries, and services that let you build native iOS and Android apps by writing JavaScript."
0	"Portability is a characteristic attributed to a computer program if it can be used in an operating systems other than the one in which it was created without requiring major rework. "
0	"However, programmers using standard interfaces also sometimes use operating system extensions or special capabilities that may not be present in the new operating system. "
0	"Multi-platform toolkit."
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"A portable Cygwin environment with many options. It's very useful for "static" installations too."
0	"It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others."
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"These conventions are necessary, in part, for separate compilation to work. "
0	"SquiDB is a cross-platform SQLite database layer for Android and iOS."
0	"It is designed to restore all changed settings when the program is closed. "
0	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface. "
0	"Portable Computing Language."
0	"Provide a model for new applications so that they are portable from inception."
0	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control."
0	"The concept of software portability has different meanings to different people. "
0	"Porting is the task of doing any work necessary to make the computer program run in the new environment. "
0	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. "
0	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps. "
0	"Most software developers agree that portability is a desirable attribute for their software projects."
0	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine."
0	"Though the ANSI C library is highly portable across all supported platforms."
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"The prerequirement for portability is the generalized abstraction between the application logic and system interfaces."
0	"A portable logging abstraction for .NET language."
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"Portable Computing Language."
0	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product"."
0	"The prerequirement for portability is the generalized abstraction between the application logic and system interfaces."
0	"The alternative to porting software to a new environment is redeveloping it based on the original specifications."
0	"One approach to the problem of portable software is the design of a universal, hypothetical computer and the implementation of a simulator of the hypothetical computer on the actual machines under consideration."
0	"The Apache Portable Runtime Library provides a predictable and consistent interface to underlying platform-specific implementations, with an API to which software developers may code and be assured of predictable if not identical behavior regardless of the platform on which their software is built, relieving them of the need to code special-case conditions to work around or take advantage of platform-specific deficiencies or features."
0	"A software unit is portable (exhibits portability) across a class of environments to the degree that the cost to transport and adapt it to a new environment in the class is less than the cost of redevelopment."
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"However, programmers using standard interfaces also sometimes use operating system extensions or special capabilities that may not be present in the new operating system. "
0	"You can also install it globally so you can run it from outside Node projects - say goodbye to those gnarly Bash scripts!"
0	"Being able to move software from one machine platform to another. "
0	"Suitable for Unix and Unix-like systems (Linux, macOS, etc.)."
0	"Porting is the task of doing any work necessary to make the computer program run in the new environment. "
0	"Ideally, such a program needs only to be compiled for the operating system to which it is being ported. "
0	"These activities will take additional time to complete if the code is not easy to manage in the first place. An application with these qualities will require increased programming effort: Poor Code Quality, Source Code Defects, Undetected Vulnerabilities, Excessive Technical Complexity, Large Systems, Poorly Documented Systems, Excessive Dead Code."
0	"A programming team will perform four types of maintenance on new deployments or enhancements: corrective, adaptive, perfective, and preventative. "
0	"Understanding software maintainability allows organizations to identify improvement areas as well as determine the value supplied by current applications or during development changes."
0	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites."
0	"iOS in-app bug reporting for developers and testers, with annotated screenshots and the console log."
0	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities. "
0	"It can be an important factor affecting system reliability."
0	"testLoggingEvents: unit test events to be logged, separated by comma."
0	"DebugBear - Monitor website performance and Lighthouse scores."
0	"Learn more about pc-requirements, deep, learning, neural, network, toolbox, hardware-requirements, parallel, computing, cuda, gpu-requirements and others."
0	"Extremely high performance."
0	"Fast JSON parser LINQ-style queries Case classes can be used to extract values from parsed JSON Diff & merge."
0	"This improves the experience both in terms of performance and model size."
0	"Yellow Lab Tools | Online test to help speeding up heavy web pages."
0	"Optimize the use of data access and data management practices."
0	"It could be more than double the RAM requirements."
0	"Performance engineering encompasses the techniques applied during a systems development life cycle to ensure the non-functional requirements for performance (such as throughput, latency, or memory usage) will be met."
0	"Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate."
0	"Processing images can be memory intensive."
0	"In computing, scalability is a characteristic of computers, networks, algorithms, networking protocols, programs and applications. An example is a search engine, which must support increasing numbers of users, and the number of topics it indexes."
0	"The TensorFlow project strives to abide by generally accepted best practices in open-source software development."
0	"Suggested not to be higher than 8 GB (will cause issues scheduling)"
0	"Performance has been improved by working in different aspects."
0	"Big Data (feed it lots of data- it's fairly efficient with resources)."
0	"Improved performance after a full collection to the memory consumption."
0	"It uses the checkpointing feature, which makes this code WAY more efficient!!!"
0	"Bottlenecks are obstructions in a system which degrade overall system performance. Bottlenecking is when either coding errors or hardware issues cause a decrease of throughput under certain loads. "
0	"Okay, so there still is a server - but it only has a 40 millisecond life cycle! Serverless in this case means "without any permanent infrastructure.""
0	"Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously."
0	"Scalability is the property of a system to handle a growing amount of work by adding resources to the system."
0	"This improves the experience both in terms of performance and model size."
0	"Then using the efficient search scroll API, the entire dataset that matches your query is streamed out to subscribers."
0	"Efficiency refers to how well the application responds and uses its resources under different conditions. "
0	"Scalability - Determines maximum user load the software application can handle."
0	"This approach is inefficient!"
0	"Speedrank - Web Performance Monitoring."
0	"This improves the experience both in terms of performance and model size."
0	"Hit ratios - This has to do with the number of SQL statements that are handled by cached data instead of expensive I/O operations. This is a good place to start for solving bottlenecking issues."
0	"Efficient on-device learning techniques."
0	"Bottlenecks are obstructions in a system which degrade overall system performance. Bottlenecking is when either coding errors or hardware issues cause a decrease of throughput under certain loads. "
0	"Code efficiency. There are other words we can use (optimization, performance, speed), but it's all about making existing code run faster. "
0	"Indexes are used to quickly locate data without having to search every row in a database table every time a database table is accessed. "
0	"efficient=True uses the memory-efficient version"
0	"A deep learning framework designed for both efficiency and flexibility."
0	"Improved usage of CPU utilization to improve efficiency."
0	"When retrieving data by row key and then by range, you get a fast and efficient access pattern due to minimal disk seeks – time series data is an excellent fit for this type of pattern."
0	"Performance Testing is a discipline concerned with testing and reporting the current performance of a software application under various parameters."
0	"Increase in indispensable memory consumption (base footprint)."
0	"Pingdom Website Speed Test."
0	"Network bytes total per second - rate which bytes are sent and received on the interface including framing characters."
0	"Algorithm to update DOM Precise data-binding, which is faster than virtual DOM Virtual DOM differentiation, which requires manually managed attributes for complicated DOM."
0	"The average heap memory consumption after a minor collection."
0	"Bandwidth - shows the bits per second used by a network interface."
0	"The Terminal will also need to meet our goals and measures to ensure it remains fast, and efficient, and doesn't consume vast amounts of memory or power."
0	"A 32 bit application, using a 32 bit version of windows, is pretty RAM efficient."
0	"Page faults/second - the overall rate in which fault pages are processed by the processor. This again occurs when a process requires code from outside its working set."
0	"Entered the competition using NADSort, a distributed sorting program built on top of Spark, and set a new world record as the most cost-efficient way to sort 100TB of data."
0	"The guidelines are focused on relatively higher-level issues, such as interfaces, resource management, memory management, and concurrency."
0	"Private bytes - number of bytes a process has allocated that can't be shared amongst other processes. These are used to measure memory leaks and usage."
0	"Maximum active sessions - the maximum number of sessions that can be active at once."
0	"To ensure high throughput, web servers can keep a large number of TCP connections open, resulting in high memory usage."
0	"This allows complex algorithms to be run on the graph efficiently, an otherwise recurring issue with distributed graph processing systems because of the known difficulty of achieving good graph partitions."
0	"Despite rapid advances in hardware performance, cutting-edge deep learning models continue to push the limits of GPU RAM. "
0	"Each dataset is represented by a directory containing the same image data in several resolutions to enable efficient streaming."
0	"Holds a huge amount of data in-memory thanks to columnar compression techniques."
0	"Memory-efficient and fast implementation of local adaptive binarization methods."
0	"Offers an open-source distributed, real-time, in-memory, massively scalable system ready for analyzing massive sources of data."
0	"Network output queue length - length of the output packet queue in packets. Anything more than two means a delay and bottlenecking needs to be stopped."
0	"Speeding up the completion of tasks."
0	"At the cost of flexibility, layer 4 load balancing requires less time and computing resources than Layer 7, although the performance impact can be minimal on modern commodity hardware."
0	"BigDL can efficiently scale out to perform data analytics at "Big Data scale", by leveraging Apache Spark (a lightning fast distributed data processing framework), as well as efficient implementations of synchronous SGD and all-reduce communications on Spark."
0	"All items in the Front-End Performance Checklist are essentials to achieve the highest performance score but you would find an indicator to help you to eventually prioritised some rules amount others. There are 3 levels of priority:"
0	"Validates Spark as the most efficient data processing engine."
0	"Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously."
0	"To make the perceived performance of your application faster, use an Application Shell."
0	"However I have implemented it in a joint way to save time and GPU memory."
0	"Job Manager will take care of prioritization, persistence, load balancing, delaying, network control, grouping etc."
0	"Performance Testing is popularly called “Perf Testing” and is a subset of performance engineering."
0	"This includes all sorts of active memory regions like code segment containing (mostly) program instructions (and occasionally constants), data segment (both initialized and uninitialized),heap memory, call stack, plus memory required to hold any additional data structures, such as symbol tables, debugging data structures, open files, shared libraries mapped to the current process, etc., that the program ever needs while executing and will be loaded at least once during the entire run."
0	"This allows complex algorithms to be run on the graph efficiently, an otherwise recurring issue with distributed graph processing systems because of the known difficulty of achieving good graph partitions."
0	"Big data is a field that treats ways to analyze, systematically extract information from, or otherwise deal with data sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data-processing application software."
0	"Collaboratively building the future of energy efficiency."
0	"It's fast and careful with memory."
0	"The eight high performance websocket servers contain."
0	"Max memory usage / allocation in disk space."
0	"Integrated web-based platform that manages the total spectrum of data needed to manage energy efficiency programs."
0	"It's fast and careful with memory."
0	"Develop programming code that's compliant with the design logic and flow."
0	"Writing sustainable, power efficient and green software necessitates understanding the power consumption behavior of a computer program."
0	"Enables real time and / or batch processing."
0	"Big data was originally associated with three key concepts: volume, variety, and velocity."
0	"Efficiently reducing impact on disk and memory."
0	"It can cluster millions of instances efficiently."
0	"Larger numbers of elements increases management complexity, more sophisticated programming to allocate tasks among resources and handle issues such as throughput and latency across nodes, while some applications do not scale horizontally."
0	"Kafka is a message broker project and aims to provide a unified, high-throughput, low-latency platform for handling real-time data feeds."
0	"Performance Testing for Modin is built into the Jenkins build system. Perf Data from these tests are stored in S3. Use these notebooks to analyze these performance numbers."
0	"Low-latency."
0	"The architectural efficiency or performance optimization is mostly about the resource allocation."
0	"Remove unnecessary code or code that goes to redundant processing."
0	"A routing protocol is considered scalable with respect to network size, if the size of the necessary routing table on each node grows as O(log N), where N is the number of nodes in the network. Some early peer-to-peer (P2P) implementations of Gnutella had scaling issues. "
0	"It can cluster millions of instances efficiently."
0	"Check CPU and memory usage of the application and the database server under peak load conditions"
0	"Lightning fast cluster computing — up to 100x faster than Hadoop for iterative algorithms (memory caching) and up to 10x faster than Hadoop for single-pass MapReduce jobs."
0	"For efficiency, only the histogram."
0	"Quantitative performance analysis is the foundation for computer system design and innovation. "
0	"Integrated web-based platform that manages the total spectrum of data needed to manage energy efficiency programs."
0	"Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously."
0	"However I have implemented it in a joint way to save time and GPU memory."
0	"One of the biggest upgrades you can make to an older computer is being sure it has enough memory (RAM) to handle the operating system and all the programs you want to run on it."
0	"Set of tools to make your work with Steppy faster and more effective. "
0	"GreenDAO is an ORM optimized for Android: it maps database tables to Java objects and uses code generation for optimal speed."
0	"Processor Usage - an amount of time processor spends executing non-idle threads."
0	"Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate."
0	"Disk queue length - is the avg. no. of read and write requests queued for the selected disk during a sample interval."
0	"Process the packing in parallel to save time and energy consumption."
0	"If system is not efficient then it can not be used in real time applications."
0	"Apache Pinot is a realtime distributed OLAP datastore, which is used to deliver scalable real time analytics with low latency."
0	"Thread counts - An applications health can be measured by the no. of threads that are running and currently active."
0	"You go to Resource Monitor from Task Manager, bottom of Performance tab."
0	"Performance engineering encompasses the techniques applied during a systems development life cycle to ensure the non-functional requirements for performance (such as throughput, latency, or memory usage) will be met."
0	"Amount of connection pooling - the number of user requests that are met by pooled connections. The more requests met by connections in the pool, the better the performance will be."
0	"If system is not efficient then it can not be used in real time applications."
0	"BigDL can efficiently scale out to perform data analytics at "Big Data scale", by leveraging Apache Spark (a lightning fast distributed data processing framework), as well as efficient implementations of synchronous SGD and all-reduce communications on Spark."
0	"☆ Dareboost: Website Speed Test and Website Analysis."
0	"Efficient on-device learning techniques."
0	"Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested."
0	"Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training."
0	"Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate."
0	"The above analysis suggests that highly efficient software would not bring obvious benefits to software vendors. "
0	"In computing, scalability is a characteristic of computers, networks, algorithms, networking protocols, programs and applications. An example is a search engine, which must support increasing numbers of users, and the number of topics it indexes."
0	"Ultra fast asyncio event loop."
0	"However, with very large corpora, loading the entire text at once (and retaining it) can be memory-intensive."
0	"To ensure high throughput, web servers can keep a large number of TCP connections open, resulting in high memory usage."
0	"- LASSO - K-means using as little memory as possible."
0	"How to Measure Energy-Efficiency of Software: Metrics and Measurement Results."
0	"The focus of Performance Testing is checking a software program's efficiency."
0	"Weighing just about 37 KB of gzipped JS code."
0	"This helps save memory while having little effect on performance."
0	"- LASSO - K-means using as little memory as possible."
0	"Verify response time of the application under low, normal, moderate and heavy load conditions."
0	"Performance has been improved by working in different aspects."
0	"Performance engineering is the process by which software is tested and tuned with the intent of realizing the required performance."
0	"The High Velocity Web Framework  The Play Framework combines productivity and performance making it easy to build scalable web applications with Java and Scala."
0	"Make use of optimal memory and nonvolatile storage."
0	"The parser generates events similar to an xml sax parser, and is very efficient memory wise."
0	"Average relative increase in memory consumption."
0	"Python’s interpreter performs the memory management and users have no control over it. "
0	"The MLPerf effort aims to build a common set of benchmarks that enables the machine learning (ML) field to measure system performance for both training and testing."
0	"Checkbot browser extension - Checks for web performance best practices."
0	"To make the perceived performance of your application faster, use an Application Shell."
0	"Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training."
0	"Develop programming code that's compliant with the design logic and flow."
0	"Speeding up the completion of tasks."
0	"Lets you build scalable, resilient, and reactive applications that meet the needs of your business."
0	"Create programming code that ensures data integrity and consistency."
0	"witching to a more memory efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the results."
0	"If we worry about the performance only after the system is built then we are in the worst situation, we probably could not reach 90% optimal code level."
0	"witching to a more memory efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the results."
0	"A scalable online transaction processing system or database management system is one that can be upgraded to process more transactions by adding new processors, devices and storage, and which can be upgraded easily and transparently without shutting it down."
0	"Scalability is the property of a system to handle a growing amount of work by adding resources to the system."
0	"There already exist approaches for measuring software energy consumption, mostly as black box measurement."
0	"Modeling performance of GitHub project development processes."
0	"Supports your chosen operational set up eg whether using SaaS, running a Shared Service Centre, single or multiple sites."
0	"A 64 git application on a 64 bit version can be even more inefficient."
0	"Real Time Aggregation based on Spark Streaming."
0	"Memory management in Python involves a private heap that contains all Python objects and data structures."
0	"Multi-GPU training and inference."
0	"Scala macros for compile-time generation of ultra-fast JSON codecs."
0	"GreenDAO is an ORM optimized for Android: it maps database tables to Java objects and uses code generation for optimal speed."
0	"If you want to contribute to TensorFlow, be sure to review the contribution guidelines. This project adheres to TensorFlow's code of conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code."
0	"Efficiently scale-out."
0	"Sharded across multiple processes, with distributed querying built in Prometheus PromQL Support Tag-based Indexing."
0	"It is hard to overload the server with MaricutoDB."
0	"The current emphasis is on speed optimizations, which are necessary to complete training of the value-network and to create feasible tree-search."
0	"Performance optimization has long been the goal of different architectural and systems software studies, driving technological innovations to the limits for getting the most out of every cycle."
0	"Python package providing fast, flexible, and expressive data structures."
0	"This includes all sorts of active memory regions like code segment containing (mostly) program instructions (and occasionally constants), data segment (both initialized and uninitialized),heap memory, call stack, plus memory required to hold any additional data structures, such as symbol tables, debugging data structures, open files, shared libraries mapped to the current process, etc., that the program ever needs while executing and will be loaded at least once during the entire run."
0	"Bottlenecks are obstructions in a system which degrade overall system performance. Bottlenecking is when either coding errors or hardware issues cause a decrease of throughput under certain loads. "
0	"If objects are pickled in a tight loop, this import can lead to a significant performance improvement."
0	"Response time - time from when a user enters a request until the first character of the response is received."
0	"Speeding up the completion of tasks."
0	"The pull parser API is provided for cases requiring extreme performance."
0	"Thread counts - An applications health can be measured by the no. of threads that are running and currently active."
0	"Load balancing and efficient task distribution techniques."
0	"Without special optimization, the inference time is similiar across frameworks. "
0	"Big data challenges include capturing data, data storage, data analysis, search, sharing, transfer, visualization, querying, updating, information privacy and data source. "
0	"The MLPerf effort aims to build a common set of benchmarks that enables the machine learning (ML) field to measure system performance for both training and testing."
0	"To scalable distributed processing, Apache Spark also allows interactive data analysis."
0	"The software metrics that use speed as a factor are important to managers who want software delivered as fast as possible."
0	"It uses the checkpointing feature, which makes this code WAY more efficient!!!"
0	"Older version was consuming too much memory."
0	"Unfortunately, this library is in a very early stage, so at the moment there is nothing along the lines of multithreading or any form of parallel computing."
0	"If you want to contribute to TensorFlow, be sure to review the contribution guidelines. This project adheres to TensorFlow's code of conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code."
0	"Glide is a fast and efficient open source media management and image loading framework for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface."
0	"Fix High RAM and CPU Usage of Windows 10 System."
0	"Placing an index can keep the data in memory, requiring more space."
0	"Quantitative performance analysis is the foundation for computer system design and innovation. "
0	"Capable of processing even in big data scenarios."
0	"The current emphasis is on speed optimizations, which are necessary to complete training of the value-network and to create feasible tree-search."
0	"Memory pages/second - number of pages written to or read from the disk in order to resolve hard page faults. Hard page faults are when code not from the current working set is called up from elsewhere and retrieved from a disk."
0	"Big data was originally associated with three key concepts: volume, variety, and velocity."
0	"Fix High RAM and CPU Usage of Windows 10 System."
0	"Efficiency refers to how well the application responds and uses its resources under different conditions. "
0	"In their classic paper, Emer and Clark noted that a lack of detailed timing information impairs efforts to improve performance."
0	"In their classic paper, Emer and Clark noted that a lack of detailed timing information impairs efforts to improve performance."
0	"Increase performance: When building from sources, we can leverage CPU specific optimizations."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"One of the fastest Python frameworks available"
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB. "
0	"It is more complex to implement write-behind than it is to implement cache-aside or write-through."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries. "
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"Download best format available but no better than 480p"
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"much faster as MRF loss is the slowest part of the algorithm."
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"They both treat (nearly) everything as objects. "
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"Download best format available but no better than 480p"
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries. "
0	"There are many ways to create rounded corners in android, but this is the fastest and best one that I know of because it:"
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"These and similar large projects are supported much more actively by a larger number of contributors."
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"There are many ways to create rounded corners in android, but this is the fastest and best one that I know of because it:"
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"Specialized implementations offer better performance compared to standard APIs."
0	"'git diff' much more useful (compared to splitting a tarball, which is essentially a big binary blob)."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"ArangoDB is really fast using just 464ms in AVG, no graph database comes close. "
0	"According to GitHub’s annual Octoverse report, Java and Python are the second and third most popular languages for the fourth year in a row. "
0	"According to GitHub’s annual Octoverse report, Java and Python are the second and third most popular languages for the fourth year in a row. "
0	"It is faster at single document reads but couldn’t compete when it comes to aggregations or 2nd neighbors selections. "
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"KaTeX is faster than MathJax on mobile environment, but MathJax supports more features and is much more beautiful."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"Performance with the Completer API is better since Python executes faster than other alternatives."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"According to GitHub’s annual Octoverse report, Java and Python are the second and third most popular languages for the fourth year in a row. "
0	"'git diff' much more useful (compared to splitting a tarball, which is essentially a big binary blob)."
0	"They both treat (nearly) everything as objects. "
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"It is more complex to implement write-behind than it is to implement cache-aside or write-through."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"The tests show that multi-model databases can compete with single model databases. "
0	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries. "
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"**Please note**: This method is less efficient than `observeNetworkConnectivity(context)` method, because in default observing strategy, it opens socket connection with remote host (default is www.google.com) every two seconds with two seconds of timeout and consumes data transfer."
0	"Specialized implementations offer better performance compared to standard APIs."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"There are many implementations of sorts in the Java standard library that are much better for performance reasons."
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"Java and Python have many similarities. "
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)!"
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Java and Python have many similarities. "
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"Performance with the Completer API is better since Python executes faster than other alternatives."
0	"Adding a classfier to trained with conditions and constraint G works faster and better than appending conditions to images for D training."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"Performance is where Java has a substantial advantage over Python."
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"There are many ways to create rounded corners in android, but this is the fastest and best one that I know of because it:"
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"KaTeX is faster than MathJax on mobile environment, but MathJax supports more features and is much more beautiful."
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"It is faster at single document reads but couldn’t compete when it comes to aggregations or 2nd neighbors selections. "
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"much faster as MRF loss is the slowest part of the algorithm."
0	"Python has a more unified support model than Java for the first time, and open source developers are focusing their efforts on the latest version of the language. I have to give Python the edge here."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"To answer the main question: “when to use MongoDB instead of MySQL?” you need to take into account your project requirements and further goals. "
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"There are many ways to create rounded corners in android, but this is the fastest and best one that I know of because it:"
0	"Affirmer makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose."
0	"If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"m. Sui Generis Database Rights means rights other than copyright resulting from Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, as amended and/or succeeded, as well as other essentially equivalent rights anywhere in the world."
0	"Contact us for help."
0	"For the avoidance of doubt, where Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with its terms and conditions."
0	"Definitions."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 Oleksii Trekhleb  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"f. Exceptions and Limitations means fair use, fair dealing, and/or any other exception or limitation to Copyright and Similar Rights that applies to Your use of the Licensed Material."
0	""Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner."
0	"However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability."
0	"To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own identifying information."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited to, the following: . the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate, and translate a Work, i."
0	"RANGER Studio LLC owns all Directus trademarks and logos on behalf of our project's community."
0	"Licensing conditions (BSD-style) can be found in LICENSE.txt."
0	"In all other cases the Licensor expressly reserves any right to collect such royalties, including when the Licensed Material is used other than for NonCommercial purposes."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2017 Srdjan Susnic  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"All code related to the project is and will be released under an OSI approved Free Software license."
0	"Licensed under an Apache-2 license."
0	"While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License."
0	"If requested by the Licensor, You must remove any of the information required by Section 3(a)(1)(A) to the extent reasonably practicable."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	"c. No downstream restrictions."
0	"You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"The License shall be deemed effective as of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work."
0	"It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively state the exclusion of warranty, and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found."
0	""Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License."
0	"License MIT, see the LICENSE file for more information."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"Grant of Copyright License."
0	"For more information on this, and how to apply and follow the GNU GPL, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>."
0	"b. ShareAlike."
0	"This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License."
0	"THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"In all other cases the Licensor expressly reserves any right to collect such royalties, including when the Licensed Material is used other than for NonCommercial purposes."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this project except in compliance with the License."
0	"Copy of the license."
0	"l. Share means to provide material to the public by any means or process that requires permission under the Licensed Rights, such as reproduction, public display, public performance, distribution, dissemination, communication, or importation, and to make material available to the public including in ways that members of the public may access the material from a place and at a time individually chosen by them."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	"Copyright 2016 Combust, Inc."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form."
0	"License AGPL-3.0"
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	""Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution.""
0	"LICENSE Copyright (c) 2015, Levsha Dmitry THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"Create your own challenges, categories, hints, and flags from the Admin Interface."
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"A streaming-first runtime that supports both batch processing and data streaming programs"
0	"Create and personalize icons from your pictures."
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"You can't load the whole archive into calibre."
0	"Modules: Provides implementations for many commonly used layers in vision and language domain"
0	"A super simple plugin manager for Sketch."
0	"As a distributed extension of Caffe, CaffeOnSpark supports neural network model training, testing, and feature extraction. Caffe users can now perform distributed learning using their existing LMDB data files and minorly adjusted network configuration (as illustrated)."
0	"An introduction to Bayesian methods + probabilistic programming with a computation/understanding-first, mathematics-second point of view. "
0	""
0	"Modularity. A model is understood as a sequence or a graph of standalone, fully configurable modules that can be plugged together with as few restrictions as possible. In particular, neural layers, cost functions, optimizers, initialization schemes, activation functions and regularization schemes are all standalone modules that you can combine to create new models."
0	"Drop databases in parameters."
0	"A flexible tool for creating, organizing, and sharing visualizations of live, rich data. Supports Torch and Numpy."
0	"Hierarchical labeling of axes (possible to have multiple labels per tick)"
0	"It's fast, easy and free."
0	"Check for open issues or open a fresh issue to start a discussion around a feature idea or a bug."
0	"Easy & Flexible Alerting With ElasticSearch."
0	"Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool."
0	"A chemical toolbox designed to speak the many languages of chemical data."
0	"The system is built using a modular approach so support for other devices or actions can be implemented easily."
0	"The same code runs on major distributed environment (Hadoop, SGE, MPI) and can solve problems beyond billions of examples."
0	"A list of awesome applications, software, tools and other materials for Linux distros. ."
0	"Machine Learning Prediction Server on AWS Lambda(Zappa)."
0	"Simple, Pythonic remote execution and deployment."
0	"Simple, beautiful and powerful email client."
0	"Scalaz ZIO ★ 529  - A type-safe, composable library for asynchronous and concurrent programming in Scala   SynapseGrid ★ 109 ⧗ 1  - an FRP framework for constructing reactive real-time immutable data flow systems."
0	"Relevance Vector Machine (RVM) Based Machine Learning Library."
0	"Then, using a single command, you create and start all the services from your configuration."
0	"Major overhaul to `Convolution` and `Pooling` export."
0	"matplotlib: plotting with Python."
0	"FAIR's research platform for object detection research, implementing popular algorithms like Mask R-CNN and RetinaNet."
0	"Distributed Closure Execution"
0	"Per-Node Shared State"
0	"A simple, powerful, efficient subtitle creation software."
0	"Fast, pure-Python implementation of SortedList, SortedDict, and SortedSet types."
0	"Miscellaneous   Useful libraries or tools that don't fit in the categories above."
0	"Repository to track the progress in Natural Language Processing (NLP), including the datasets and the current state-of-the-art for the most common NLP tasks."
0	"Monitoring capability, automatic retry and failure handing of jobs."
0	"Very efficient backup system based on the git packfile format, providing fast incremental saves and global deduplication (among and within files, including virtual machine images). "
0	"A simple, powerful database manager for macOS."
0	"Declarative statistical visualization library for Python."
0	"The extensible command-line chat client."
0	"Scalable, Portable and Distributed Gradient Boosting (GBDT, GBRT or GBM) Library,  for Python, R, Java, Scala, C++ and more. Runs on single machine, Hadoop, Spark, Flink and DataFlow."
0	"Simple and extensible administrative interface framework for Flask."
0	"Scalable, Portable and Distributed Gradient Boosting (GBDT, GBRT or GBM) Library,  for Python, R, Java, Scala, C++ and more. Runs on single machine, Hadoop, Spark, Flink and DataFlow."
0	"Web mining module for Python, with tools for scraping, natural language processing, machine learning, network analysis and visualization."
0	"The C++ Core Guidelines are a set of tried-and-true guidelines, rules, and best practices about coding in C++."
0	"💫 Industrial-strength Natural Language Processing (NLP) with Python and Cython."
0	"Internally, it uses these validator functions to check for the presence of required arguments."
0	"Create and personalize icons from your pictures."
0	"Fast out of the box, cache-friendly when you need it."
0	"Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design."
0	"Here are just a few of the things that pandas does well:"
0	"Model Zoo: Reference implementations for state-of-the-art vision and language model including LoRRA (SoTA on VQA and TextVQA), Pythia model (VQA 2018 challenge winner) and BAN."
0	"A library for expressive and efficient service composition"
0	"Complete control over front-end design and structure."
0	"Gensim’s github repo is hooked against  Travis CI for automated testing  on every commit push and pull request."
0	"Scala extensions for Google Guice"
0	"Due to Google Play Developer Distribution Agreement, we can't dynamic update our apk."
0	"It uses evolutionary algorithms such as a genetic algorithm to train artificial neural networks."
0	"Distributed Closure Execution"
0	"Sentry is cross-platform application monitoring, with a focus on error reporting."
0	"Content API for 'headless' sites with de-coupled front-end."
0	"Pythia is a modular framework for vision and language multimodal research. Built on top of PyTorch, it features:"
0	"The package also supports saving simple (non-nested) DataFrame."
0	"Style transfer, deep learning, feature transform."
0	"Deep Learning for humans."
0	"Miscellaneous   Useful libraries or tools that don't fit in the categories above."
0	"It implements an original way of running and organizing event-driven systems based on Petri nets."
0	"A toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications."
0	"Distributed Closure Execution"
0	"A build system for creating, assembling and deploying applications from multiple parts."
0	"Oozie is an extensible, scalable and reliable system to define, manage, schedule, and execute complex Hadoop workloads via web services. More specifically, this includes:"
0	"Writing crontab file in Python like a charm."
0	"Modules: Provides implementations for many commonly used layers in vision and language domain"
0	"All Algorithms implemented in Python."
0	"Glances an Eye on your system. A top/htop alternative for GNU/Linux, BSD, Mac OS and Windows operating systems."
0	"Server-to-server direct communication (Ethernet or InfiniBand) achieves faster learning and eliminates scalability bottleneck."
0	"Easily export your screen into a layered PSD file."
0	"The library is compatible with Akka and can seamlessly communicate with other actors."
0	"set of tools to provide lightweight pipelining in Python."
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device."
0	"Chrome extension to make Rietveld code review more usable."
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable."
0	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects. "
0	"UX design uses the controlled aspects of technology to suit the uncontrolled."
0	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met. "
0	"Use typography to create hierarchy and clarity. "
0	"The task of differentiating the colors, however, becomes much harder when the patterns on the map are complex, such as in the lower left corner of the diagnostic map."
0	"This includes testing the system for both learnability and usability. "
0	"Colour can determine if the user should be careful or not, or if the user need to take action within the HCI, or it can also tell the user that there is nothing to worry about. Designers use color to help users use HCI's. "
0	"Effectiveness measures availability and unavailability. "
0	"Human–computer interaction (HCI) researches the design and use of computer technology, focused on the interfaces between people (users) and computers."
0	"Containers: accordion, tables, lists and others."
0	"Working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive."
0	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met. "
0	"Working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive."
0	"The design team should be user-driven and it should be in direct contact with potential users. "
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"Working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive."
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business."
0	"It is also important to create patterns in language, layout and design throughout the site to help facilitate efficiency. "
0	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture."
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects. "
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"The term intuitive is often listed as a desirable trait in usable interfaces, often used as a synonym for learnable. "
0	"Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction. "
0	"Informational Components: tooltips, icons, progress bar, notifications, message boxes, modal windows."
0	"The 5 Es – efficient, effective, engaging, error tolerant and easy to learn – describe the multi-faceted characteristics of usability. Interfaces are evaluated against the combination of these characteristics which best describe the user’s requirements for success and satisfaction."
0	"Customizable UI that allows to modify the alignment of the different components."
0	"Containers: accordion, tables, lists and others."
0	"Think about the defaults. By carefully thinking about and anticipating the goals people bring to your site, you can create defaults that reduce the burden on the user.  This becomes particularly important when it comes to form design where you might have an opportunity to have some fields pre-chosen or filled out."
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"Normally those things are easy to change or enhance and they add a great value to your product."
0	"One of the students will facilitate the test and write down the questions about UX/UI aspects of the app. "
0	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface."
0	"Once a user learns how to do something, they should be able to transfer that skill to other parts of the site. "
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"Efficiency: Once users have learned the design, how quickly can they perform tasks?"
0	"Strategically use color and texture. "
0	"Chrome extension to make Rietveld code review more usable."
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. "
0	"The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products."
0	"This includes testing the system for both learnability and usability. "
0	"Easy, automatic and powerful information display system."
0	"Efficiency is the ability to perform the intended task with desired speed. "
0	"Before embarking on improving a product, its usefulness has to be measured in order to ascertain its efficiency and effectiveness. "
0	"One of the students will facilitate the test and write down the questions about UX/UI aspects of the app. "
0	"Usability is human centered, collecting and understanding the full set of user preferences is better than just a handful of disparate facts. "
0	"The best interfaces are almost invisible to the user. "
0	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business."
0	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging."
0	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons."
0	"The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable."
0	"Satisfaction: How pleasant is it to use the design?"
0	"Keep the interface simple. "
0	"A usability study may be conducted as a primary job function by a usability analyst or as a secondary job function by designers, technical writers, marketing personnel, and others."
0	"Several evaluation methods, including personas, cognitive modeling, inspection, inquiry, prototyping, and testing methods may contribute to understanding potential users and their perceptions of how well the product or process works. "
0	"A usability study may be conducted as a primary job function by a usability analyst or as a secondary job function by designers, technical writers, marketing personnel, and others."
0	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons."
0	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects. "
0	"Effectiveness measures availability and unavailability. "
0	"Normally those things are easy to change or enhance and they add a great value to your product."
0	"Keep the interface simple. "
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"Usability Evaluation assitant to facilitate doing experiments with end users."
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"The best interfaces are almost invisible to the user. "
0	"Intuitive merging and joining data sets"
0	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface."
0	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons."
0	"Memorability: When users return to the design after a period of not using it, how easily can they re-establish proficiency?"
0	"Plugin for Redmine, which allows to improve the usability of Redmine."
0	"Consider the spatial relationships between items on the page and structure the page based on importance."
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. "
0	"A usability study may be conducted as a primary job function by a usability analyst or as a secondary job function by designers, technical writers, marketing personnel, and others."
0	"Careful placement of items can help draw attention to the most important pieces of information and can aid scanning and readability."
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"A simple pain scale from 1 to 10 can quantify user feedback."
0	"Normally those things are easy to change or enhance and they add a great value to your product."
0	"Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data"
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"Several parameters are essential in carrying out an assessment in order to determine where and what to improve or change to get maximum usage. "
0	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface."
0	"Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data"
0	"Usability relies on user-feedback through evaluation rather than simply trusting the experience and expertise of the designer. Unlike conventional software acceptance testing, usability evaluation involves watching real people use a product (or prototype), and using what is learned to improve the product."
0	"Be purposeful in page layout."
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"This includes testing the system for both learnability and usability. "
0	"It create actions in response to user interactions."
0	"The task of differentiating the colors, however, becomes much harder when the patterns on the map are complex, such as in the lower left corner of the diagnostic map."
0	"It is the comparison of usability with technology and without technology. "
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"Simple interface to facilitate user adoption."
0	"You will get a lot of useful enhancements that will improve Redmine usability: ability to replace the standard preloader that blocks the entire page; ability to hide the sidebar, fast preview of photos and others."
0	"Effectiveness measures availability and unavailability. "
0	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface."
0	"Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction. "
0	"Within each large band of color on the map, we placed several polygons filled with each map color (‘outliers’)."
0	"Models are based on psychological principles and experimental studies to determine times for cognitive processing and motor movements. "
0	"Plugin for Redmine, which allows to improve the usability of Redmine."
0	"The 5 Es – efficient, effective, engaging, error tolerant and easy to learn – describe the multi-faceted characteristics of usability. Interfaces are evaluated against the combination of these characteristics which best describe the user’s requirements for success and satisfaction."
