category	text
1	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach.  "
1	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features. "
1	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan.  "
1	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide. "
1	"Comparing the speed, developers note that the latter one lacks speed and experience difficulties with large data volumes, so it’ll be a better choice for companies with smaller databases and looking for a more general solution.  "
1	"While this is one of the advantages of non-relational databases the ability to cope with large and unstructured amounts of data. "
1	"To answer the main question: “when to use MongoDB instead of MySQL?” you need to take into account your project requirements and further goals.  "
1	"According to GitHub’s annual Octoverse report, Java and Python are the second and third most popular languages for the fourth year in a row.  "
1	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages.  "
1	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java. "
1	"Java and Python have many similarities.  "
1	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries.  "
1	"They both treat (nearly) everything as objects.  "
1	"Both languages compile to bytecode, but Python is (usually) compiled at runtime.  "
1	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does. "
1	"Python has a more unified support model than Java for the first time, and open source developers are focusing their efforts on the latest version of the language. I have to give Python the edge here. "
1	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective.  "
1	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team. "
1	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again. "
1	"Performance is where Java has a substantial advantage over Python. "
1	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance.  "
1	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python. "
1	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look. "
1	"The tests show that multi-model databases can compete with single model databases.  "
1	"It is faster at single document reads but couldn’t compete when it comes to aggregations or 2nd neighbors selections.  "
1	"Note: the shortest path query was not tested for some solutions as it would have to be implemented completely on the client side. "
1	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster. "
1	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept.  "
1	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB. "
1	"At least Neo4j and OrientDB can’t stand out in this test despite it’s a simple graph traversal.  "
1	"ArangoDB is really fast using just 464ms in AVG, no graph database comes close.  "
1	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex. "
1	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB.  "
1	"Memory is our pain point when compared to other systems and it will be addressed in the next major release.  "
1	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here. "
1	"much faster as MRF loss is the slowest part of the algorithm. "
1	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration. "
1	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute. "
1	"One of the fastest Python frameworks available "
1	"These and similar large projects are supported much more actively by a larger number of contributors. "
1	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r "
1	"**Please note**: This method is less efficient than `observeNetworkConnectivity(context)` method, because in default observing strategy, it opens socket connection with remote host (default is www.google.com) every two seconds with two seconds of timeout and consumes data transfer. "
1	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable. "
1	"A key-value store is the basis for more complex systems such as a document store, and in some cases, a graph database. "
1	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)! "
1	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures. "
1	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g. "
1	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper. "
1	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set. "
1	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it. "
1	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust. "
1	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations. "
1	"This is faster than `Affine`. "
1	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations. "
1	"KaTeX is faster than MathJax on mobile environment, but MathJax supports more features and is much more beautiful. "
1	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book. "
1	"There are many implementations of sorts in the Java standard library that are much better for performance reasons. "
1	"There are many ways to create rounded corners in android, but this is the fastest and best one that I know of because it: "
1	"Download best format available but no better than 480p "
1	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls. "
1	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before. "
1	"It is more complex to implement write-behind than it is to implement cache-aside or write-through. "
1	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint. "
1	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity. "
1	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity. "
1	"the queue size can become larger than memory. "
1	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good. "
1	"Adding a classfier to trained with conditions and constraint G works faster and better than appending conditions to images for D training. "
1	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions. "
1	"'git diff' much more useful (compared to splitting a tarball, which is essentially a big binary blob). "
1	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module. "
1	"Compared to the ROM bootloader that esptool.py talks to, a running firmware uses more of the chip\'s pins to access the SPI flash. "
1	"Specialized implementations offer better performance compared to standard APIs. "
1	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration. "
1	"Performance with the Completer API is better since Python executes faster than other alternatives. "
1	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations. "
1	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is. "
0	"Traditionally, you could handle this via conditional compilation."
0	"Portable software could simply not rely on ANSI C being widely available - GNU C was not yet mature - and it was often an agonizing tradeoff on just how much of ANSI C could be use."
0	"Avoid code changes when deploying your application between Linux and Windows based systems."
0	"The Data Transfer Project makes it easy for people to transfer their data between online service providers. "
0	"Javascript and WebAssembly versions are also available and are fully supported. "
0	"When considering a port to entirely different operating systems these issues become much larger. "
0	"There are both costs and benefits associated with developing software in a portable manner. These costs and benefits take a variety of forms."
0	"But not all processors enforce scatar data items aligned at memory addresses that are even multiples of their own size, to the chagrin of nonportable software."
0	"Suitable for Unix and Unix-like systems (Linux, macOS, etc.)."
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"Supports all of the most used modern browsers: Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari."
0	"Recently, the Java programming language and runtime environment has made it possible to have programs that run on any operating system that supports the Java standard (from Sun Microsystems) without any porting work. "
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"This makes it easier to create cross-platform .NET libraries and apps."
0	"Multi-platform ACL generation system."
0	"An application stored on a USB flash drive that can run on a computer without leaving any trace of itself when the application is finished. "
0	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed."
0	"Thanks to its capabilities, applications can be deployed to mobile devices (iOS, Android), the desktop (Windows, OS X), and to the browser (via the Flash plugin)."
0	"Installing an operating system on your Raspberry Pi."
0	"Parallel Execution and Memory Abstraction in heterogeneous and complex systems."
0	"portable music player."
0	"It is designed to restore all changed settings when the program is closed. "
0	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"ShellJS is a portable (Windows/Linux/OS X) implementation of Unix shell commands on top of the Node.js API."
0	"A portable SCTP userland stack."
0	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine."
0	"There are many hardware and software platforms; it is not only a Windows world."
0	"The "calling convention" is essentially a set of assumptions made by the compiler about where function arguments will be found on entry to a function."
0	"It is designed to restore all changed settings when the program is closed. "
0	"Most software developers agree that portability is a desirable attribute for their software projects."
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring & reporting software for rails, sinatra, rack and ruby."
0	"Hence why I didn't write any unit test for this case."
0	"Automated test-runner and Graphical User Interface with powerful features for Windows and Linux platforms."
0	"This repository is a merger of the formerly separate Google Test and Google Mock projects. These were so closely related that it makes sense to maintain and release them together."
0	"Regularly (annually) releasing functional / legislative software upgrade(s)"
0	"CrashMonkey: tools for testing file-system reliability."
0	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems."
0	"Software is better quality if you can adapt it to changing user requirements quickly and cost-efficiently."
0	"To check your install, you can run all the unit tests by calling the test script in the install folder."
0	"Thanks to the administrator for coming up with a fix for an important bug."
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"Maintainability increases the reliability, efficiency or safety of the software. "
0	"British destroyer Sheffield was sunk because the radar system wrongly identified an incoming missile as friendly!"
0	"One common source of expensive defects is requirement gaps, i.e., unrecognized requirements that result in errors of omission by the program designer."
0	"The control flow of a software describes what it will do next and on what condition."
0	"Understanding software maintainability allows organizations to identify improvement areas as well as determine the value supplied by current applications or during development changes."
0	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites."
0	"Hence why I didn't write any unit test for this case."
0	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using pytest)."
0	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions."
0	"Robust evasion attacks against neural network to find adversarial examples."
0	"This system is aimed at finding how much an exploit is reliable."
0	"If there is a compilation error before or during `mix test`, it will be shown as a test failure."
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring & reporting software for rails, sinatra, rack and ruby."
0	"Optimistically, we might think that once it has run correctly, it would do so forever!"
0	"StorIO has unit and integration tests."
0	"Robust is an Android HotFix solution with high compatibility and high stability."
0	"This repo is used to track issues and bugs with Celeste."
0	"Please join CaffeOnSpark user group for discussions and questions."
0	"The principles of unittest are easily portable to other frameworks."
0	"track down the problem, reproduce the bug, test and deploy the fix" cycle simply does not work in most large and complex production systems. "
0	"Each dataset is represented by a directory containing the same image data in several resolutions to enable efficient streaming."
0	"- LASSO - K-means using as little memory as possible."
0	"Reducing the number of bugs reported."
0	"Thread counts - An applications health can be measured by the no. of threads that are running and currently active."
0	"Efficiently reducing impact on disk and memory."
0	"Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate."
0	"If queues start to grow significantly, the queue size can become larger than memory, resulting in cache misses, disk reads, and even slower performance."
0	"A routing protocol is considered scalable with respect to network size, if the size of the necessary routing table on each node grows as O(log N), where N is the number of nodes in the network. Some early peer-to-peer (P2P) implementations of Gnutella had scaling issues. "
0	"Performance Testing for Modin is built into the Jenkins build system. Perf Data from these tests are stored in S3. Use these notebooks to analyze these performance numbers."
0	"For example, you might need to determine how long it will take to generate 100 image thumbnails from disk or how much memory a data structure will take."
0	"Neural network architectures for resource constrained devices."
0	"This avoids computational bottlenecks while loading data."
0	"Computation time and cost are critical resources in building deep models, yet many existing benchmarks focus solely on model accuracy."
0	"Speeding up the completion of tasks."
0	"Reducing the number of bugs reported."
0	"If queues start to grow significantly, the queue size can become larger than memory, resulting in cache misses, disk reads, and even slower performance."
0	"A library for expressive and efficient service composition."
0	"Efficient binary serialization."
0	"In software engineering, a bottleneck occurs when the capacity of an application or a computer system is severely limited by a single component, like the neck of a bottle slowing down the overall water flow. "
0	"Scalability is the property of a system to handle a growing amount of work by adding resources to the system."
0	"Verify response time of the application under low, normal, moderate and heavy load conditions."
0	"For efficiency evaluation, the constructed model has been tested on real-life data and it is shown that the constructed prediction model is more efficient than all previous models."
0	"Increase in indispensable memory consumption (base footprint)."
0	"A sampling profiler for Python programs."
0	"To make the perceived performance of your application faster, use an Application Shell."
0	"Average relative increase in memory consumption."
0	"The guidelines are focused on relatively higher-level issues, such as interfaces, resource management, memory management, and concurrency."
0	"Real Time Aggregation based on Spark Streaming."
0	"Characterization of machine learning benchmarks and workloads."
0	"Limitations and Disclaimers."
0	"For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4 supplements and does not replace Your obligations under this Public License where the Licensed Rights include other Copyright and Similar Rights."
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Section 5 -- Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability."
0	"a notice that refers to the disclaimer of warranties,  v. a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent reasonably practicable,  b. indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and retain an indication of any previous modifications, and  c. indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, this Public License."
0	"For purposes of this Public License, simply making modifications authorized by this Section 2(a) (4) never produces Adapted Material."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	"Dash ties modern UI elements like dropdowns, sliders, and graphs directly to your analytical python code. Read our tutorial proudly crafted ❤️ by dash itself."
0	"Web mining module for Python, with tools for scraping, natural language processing, machine learning, network analysis and visualization."
0	"Seaborn is a Python visualization library based on matplotlib. It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive statistical graphics."
0	"For more complicated outputs, you can pass in a custom evaluation expression to transform the things however you need."
0	"Hierarchical labeling of axes (possible to have multiple labels per tick)"
0	"Practical mind-mapping software with free whiteboard-like layout."
0	"Added support for exporting `alpha` attribute in `ELU` ONNX op."
0	"An application for designing animated and interactive user interfaces."
0	"Cross-platform GUI management tool for Redis."
0	":arrow_double_down: Dumb downloader that scrapes the web."
0	"Even assuming a mature version of pix2code able to generate GUI code with 100% accuracy for every platforms/languages in the universe, front-enders will still be needed to implement the logic, the interactive parts, the advanced graphics and animations, and all the features users love."
0	"A streaming-first runtime that supports both batch processing and data streaming programs"
0	"Tensors and Dynamic neural networks in Python  with strong GPU acceleration."
0	"Model Zoo: Reference implementations for state-of-the-art vision and language model including LoRRA (SoTA on VQA and TextVQA), Pythia model (VQA 2018 challenge winner) and BAN."
0	"Embraces and extends Django."
0	"You can also extend with new instances/instance factories."
0	"An introduction to Bayesian methods + probabilistic programming with a computation/understanding-first, mathematics-second point of view. "
0	"Async Python 3.6+ web server/framework | Build fast. Run fast."
0	"An introduction to Bayesian methods + probabilistic programming with a computation/understanding-first, mathematics-second point of view. "
0	"A very simple framework for state-of-the-art Natural Language Processing (NLP)."
0	"Keep the interface simple. "
0	"Once a user learns how to do something, they should be able to transfer that skill to other parts of the site. "
0	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface."
0	"Commits Mailing List."
0	"If you want to get involved with Leaflet development, check out the contribution guide."
0	"If you are interested in contributing, please visit the community page for ways in which you can help."
