category	text
1	"Robust IO tools for loading data. "
1	"Is totally reliable and consistently perform the required software functions. "
1	"Provides internal system controls to ensure accuracy, integrity and completeness eg data input and accuracy checks, validation, authorisation. "
1	"Maintains full records eg to: trace any transaction item, provide a full audit trail, provide a full record of all balances and transactions. "
1	"Supports manual control procedures eg control reports. "
1	"Provides system security via multiple, configurable passwords  / levels of security. "
1	"Provides backup and restore facilities for programs and data. "
1	"Supports your organisation, by running over your (chosen) network, database and hardware platform(s). "
1	"A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources. "
1	"A lightweight powerful flow control component enabling reliability and monitoring for microservices. "
1	"Hacker News client with a focus on reliability and robustness. "
1	"Fundamentally, it's what happens when you ask a software engineer to design an operations function. "
1	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems. "
1	"track down the problem, reproduce the bug, test and deploy the fix" cycle simply does not work in most large and complex production systems.  "
1	"The Site Reliability Workbook is the hands-on companion to the bestselling Site Reliability Engineering book and uses concrete examples to show how to put SRE principles and practices to work.  "
1	"Sysadmins are then tasked with running the service and responding to events and updates as they occur. As the system grows in complexity and traffic volume, generating a corresponding increase in events and updates, the sysadmin team grows to absorb the additional work.This file is part of Exploit Reliability Testing System. "
1	"Exploit Reliability Testing System is used to test reliability of hitting EIP=0x41414141.  "
1	"This system is aimed at finding how much an exploit is reliable. "
1	"Once I started looking into the vulnerability, I realized that this vulnerability is unreliable due to the fact that there is a very small window between free and use of the freed object. "
1	"Software testing is a process, to evaluate the functionality of a software application with an intent to find whether the developed software met the specified requirements or not and to identify the defects to ensure that the product is defect free in order to produce the quality product. "
1	"Checking that system responds correctly to all kinds of inputs. "
1	"As the number of possible tests for even simple software components is practically infinite, all software testing uses some strategy to select tests that are feasible for the available time and resources. "
1	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors.  "
1	"One common source of expensive defects is requirement gaps, i.e., unrecognized requirements that result in errors of omission by the program designer. "
1	"A fundamental problem with software testing is that testing under all combinations of inputs and preconditions (initial state) is not feasible, even with a simple product. "
1	"A study conducted by NIST in 2002 reports that software bugs cost the U.S. economy $59.5 billion annually. More than a third of this cost could be avoided, if better software testing was performed. "
1	"This repository is for the Reliability Test System Grid Modernization Lab Consortium (RTS-GMLC) which is an updated version of the RTS-96 test system. "
1	"Cassandra is a distributed storage system for managing structured data while providing reliability at a massive scale. "
1	"CrashMonkey: tools for testing file-system reliability. "
1	"The FSCQ bug would result in fdatasync not persisting data correctly to the file system. "
1	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways.  "
1	"The process of finding and fixing bugs is termed "debugging" and often uses formal techniques or tools to pinpoint bugs, and since the 1950s, some computer systems have been designed to also deter, detect or auto-correct various computer bugs during operations. "
1	"Most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made in either a program's source code or its design, or in components and operating systems used by such programs.  "
1	"A few are caused by compilers producing incorrect code.  "
1	"A program that contains a large number of bugs, and/or bugs that seriously interfere with its functionality, is said to be buggy (defective).  "
1	"Bugs can trigger errors that may have ripple effects. "
1	"It may have originally been used in hardware engineering to describe mechanical malfunctions. "
1	"A collection of samples demonstrating different frameworks and techniques for automated testing. "
1	"Many of these samples use the AndroidX Test Library. "
1	"Simple and complete React DOM testing utilities that encourage good testing practices. "
1	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior. "
1	"A workshop for learning how to test JavaScript applications.  "
1	"This repository is a merger of the formerly separate Google Test and Google Mock projects. These were so closely related that it makes sense to maintain and release them together. "
1	"Automated test-runner and Graphical User Interface with powerful features for Windows and Linux platforms. "
1	"A collection of awesome penetration testing resources. "
1	"An open source network stress tool for Windows. "
1	"JavaScript Testing utilities for React. "
1	"Enzyme is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output. You can also manipulate, traverse, and in some ways simulate runtime given the output. "
1	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing.  "
1	"The pytest framework makes it easy to write small tests, yet scales to support complex functional testing. "
1	"iOS in-app bug reporting for developers and testers, with annotated screenshots and the console log. "
1	"An implementation of the simple bug prediction heuristic outlined by the Google Engineering team. "
1	"The Spot Bugs plugin for security audits of Java web applications and Android applications.  "
1	"Testing if an element exists. "
1	"Improvements and bug fixes related to the taint analysis. "
1	"Improvement to vulnerability descriptions. "
1	"Javascript error handling tool for Bugsnag. Monitor and report JavaScript bugs & errors. "
1	"This repo is used to track issues and bugs with Celeste. "
1	"Monitor and report execution errors and malfunctionings. "
1	"Bugsnag error monitoring & reporting software for rails, sinatra, rack and ruby. "
1	"It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks. "
1	"Robolectric is the industry-standard unit testing framework for Android.  "
1	"With Robolectric, your tests run in a simulated Android environment inside a JVM, without the overhead of an emulator. "
1	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
1	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests. "
1	"If you believe there is a bug, open an issue. "
1	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework. "
1	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing.  "
1	"A landing page to make finding relevant bugs easier for new Mozilla contributors. "
1	"Is an effort to help new Mozilla contributors make sense of the mass of bugs that are recommended for newcomers.  "
1	"By performing searches for aggregated components based on less granular areas of interest, smaller, more focused lists of relevant bugs can be shown, making the experience more pleasant for everybody involved. "
1	"Bugsnag error monitoring and crash reporting tool for PHP apps. "
1	"Robust is an Android HotFix solution with high compatibility and high stability. "
1	"Robust can fix bugs immediately without a reboot. "
1	"Support to fix bugs in constructors currently is under testing. "
1	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites. "
1	"Protection against any stray console statements causing JavaScript errors in older browsers. "
1	"Prism is a lightweight, robust, elegant syntax highlighting library.  "
1	"Python library for adversarial attacks and defenses (evasion, poisoning) for neural networks with multiple framework support. "
1	"The library comes with a basic set of unit tests.  "
1	"To check your install, you can run all the unit tests by calling the test script in the install folder. "
1	"Fast and robust Emacs setup. "
1	"Send error messages to the original developer if it’s third party package’s problem. "
1	"Bug report should include details (OS, Emacs version …). "
1	"Pug – robust, elegant, feature rich template engine for Node.js. "
1	"Robust principal component analysis. "
1	"Robust evasion attacks against neural network to find adversarial examples. "
1	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework. "
1	"Code project corresponding to a serials of tutorial posts for android unit testing. "
1	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions. "
1	"Evaluation of how reliably a software system will perform when functional. "
1	"The probability of certain software to maintain the normal operation for a determined time t. "
1	"It can be an important factor affecting system reliability. "
1	"Different from hardware reliability since it doesn’t age, wear out, rust, deform or crack! "
1	"Software usually stays in the same condition as when it was created and unless there are changes caused by hardware - like changes in the storage content or data path – we could assume software doesn’t really “break”. "
1	"Optimistically, we might think that once it has run correctly, it would do so forever! "
1	"British destroyer Sheffield was sunk because the radar system wrongly identified an incoming missile as friendly! "
1	"Fixing problems may not necessarily make the software more reliable. On the contrary, new Software Reliability is an important to attribute of software quality, together with functionality, usability, performance, serviceability, capability, installability, maintainability, and documentation. "
1	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise. "
1	"Many different reasons for software failure such as errors, abiguities, misinterpretation of specifications, inaqdequate testing or unexpected usages. "
1	"Full or multiple levels of software support and maintenance "
1	"A Service Level Agreement with escalation procedures "
1	"Support for your organisation, in your geographical location "
1	"Web based support portal eg with online fault / query submission, download fixes / product information "
1	"Help desk telephone support "
1	"Responding to queries / faults within the quoted time scales "
1	"Providing fixes to repair faults "
1	"Regularly (annually) releasing functional / legislative software upgrade(s) "
1	"Easy upgrade paths "
1	"Provision for Software Escrow "
1	"To test seaborn, run make test in the source directory. "
1	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using pytest). "
1	"Please join CaffeOnSpark user group for discussions and questions. "
1	"In fast-paced modern development teams, you should aim to build software that is easy to transfer between development teams and easy to adapt to other purposes.  "
1	"Software is better quality if you can adapt it to changing user requirements quickly and cost-efficiently. "
1	"Lines of code—the number of lines of code directly affects software maintainability because more code means less maintainability. "
1	"High-quality software is as concise as possible given its requirements. "
1	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability. "
1	"You want to write maintainable tests for your Web UI. "
1	"Software maintainability is defined as the degree to which an application is understood, repaired, or enhanced.  "
1	"Software maintainability is important because it is approximately 75% of the cost related to a project. "
1	"Understanding software maintainability allows organizations to identify improvement areas as well as determine the value supplied by current applications or during development changes. "
1	"Software maintainability requires more developer effort than any other phase of the development life cycle.  "
1	"A programming team will perform four types of maintenance on new deployments or enhancements: corrective, adaptive, perfective, and preventative.  "
1	"These activities will take additional time to complete if the code is not easy to manage in the first place. An application with these qualities will require increased programming effort: Poor Code Quality, Source Code Defects, Undetected Vulnerabilities, Excessive Technical Complexity, Large Systems, Poorly Documented Systems, Excessive Dead Code. "
1	"Maintainability means fixing, updating, servicing and to modify the system or update the software for performance improvements or for the correction of faults.  "
1	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs. "
1	"Software maintainability is the degree of an application to repaired or enhanced it. During the system development life cycle (SDLC) this phase requires more development effort than any other phase.  "
1	"Approximately 75 percent of the cost is related to software maintenance.  "
1	"Maintainability increases the reliability, efficiency or safety of the software.  "
1	"It is also used to make future maintenance easier.  "
1	"It is used to increase the lifetime of the software.  "
1	"Maintainability repair or replace the faulty components and make the software even better as compared to the previous condition of the software. "
1	"Quality software is reasonably bug or defect free, delivered on time and within budget, meets requirements and/or expectations, and is maintainable. "
1	"Software bugs are of many types. A bug is a bug no matter what. But sometimes, it is important to understand the nature, its implications and the cause to process it better. "
1	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure, or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways. "
1	"Software has a functionality error if something that you expect it to do is hard, awkward, confusing, or impossible. "
1	"Anything that the end user needs to know in order to use the software should be made available on screen. "
1	"Missing command errors: This happens to occur when an expected command is missing. "
1	"Syntactic error: Syntactic errors are misspelled words or grammatically incorrect sentences and are very evident while testing software GUI. "
1	"Any errors that occur while the user is interacting with the software needs to be handled in a clear and meaningful manner. If not, it is called as an Error Handling Error. "
1	"In 1999, NASA lost its Mars climate orbiter because one of the subcontractors NASA employed had used English units instead of the intended metric system, which caused the orbiter’s thrusters to work incorrectly. "
1	"Due to this bug, the orbiter crashed almost immediately when it arrived at Mars. "
1	"The control flow of a software describes what it will do next and on what condition. "
1	"An integration test checks that components in your application operate with each other. "
1	"A unit test checks a small component in your application. "
1	"If the result from sum() is incorrect, this will fail with an AssertionError and the message "Should be 6".  "
1	"In this tutorial, you will be using unittest test cases and the unittest test runner.  "
1	"The principles of unittest are easily portable to other frameworks. "
1	"A testing unit should focus on one tiny bit of functionality and prove it correct. "
1	"Each test unit must be fully independent.  "
1	"Each test must be able to run alone, and also within the test suite, regardless of the order that they are called.  "
1	"Try hard to make tests that run fast. "
1	"Always run the full test suite before a coding session, and run it again after.  "
1	"This will give you more confidence that you did not break anything in the rest of the code. "
1	"They are known for keeping their software backward compatible.  "
1	"They go to great strength to guarantee that applications still work on newer versions of their operating system, even when they have to work around bugs in the original software application. "
1	"One of the great aspects when your software goes public is that you get more feedback.  "
1	"If something is missing or not working as expected, your customers will tell you faster than you can fix or implement it.  "
1	"Some feature requests or bug reports might be surprising, something you never thought of when you developed your software. "
1	"Software maintenance in software engineering is the modification of a software product after delivery to correct faults, to improve performance or other attributes. "
1	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities.  "
1	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle.  "
1	"Its main purpose is to modify and update software application after delivery to correct faults and to improve performance.  "
1	"Software is a model of the real world. When the real world changes, the software requires alteration wherever possible.  "
1	"- Fix bug in Disruptor DSL where some consumers wouldn\'t be included in the gating sequences. "
1	"We will continue to accept bug fixes, however. "
1	"Your code will be easier to change, unit test and reuse in other contexts. "
1	"testLoggingEvents: unit test events to be logged, separated by comma. "
1	"Thanks to the administrator for coming up with a fix for an important bug. "
1	"Write a unit test to show the issue! "
1	"StorIO has unit and integration tests. "
1	"Fix a bug in prepared statements "
1	"Various bug fixes released with last version. "
1	"Furthermore, Feign makes it easy to unit test your conversions knowing this. "
1	"Recognizing these realities and deficiencies, we are placing Ribbon in maintenance mode. "
1	"If there is a compilation error before or during `mix test`, it will be shown as a test failure. "
1	"v0.3.3 - Bug fixes regarding output and error handling. "
1	"Hence why I didn't write any unit test for this case. "
1	"A bug in Xcode causes it to ignore the user selection. "
1	"Fixed bug when page is too small to scroll. "
1	"v0.0.6 - Added unit testing. "
1	"This project integrates a combination of unit tests, functional test and code analysis tools. "
1	"Fix bug of DateSupport.count error. "
1	"he probability to randomly drop each pose segment during training, so the network can get more robust to missing poses at inference time. "
1	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"There are many hardware and software platforms; it is not only a Windows world."
0	"The Apache Portable Runtime Library provides a predictable and consistent interface to underlying platform-specific implementations, with an API to which software developers may code and be assured of predictable if not identical behavior regardless of the platform on which their software is built, relieving them of the need to code special-case conditions to work around or take advantage of platform-specific deficiencies or features."
0	"No windows or any other operative system (MacOS or Linux) dependency."
0	"Note that the degree of portability is not an absolute; it has meaning only with respect to a specific environment or class."
0	"The Cross Platform Game Engine."
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform."
0	"Only after solving these problems many times does one start to take pre-emptive action to engineer portability in from the very start."
0	"A dynamic framework is designed to be installed in your operating system and portable to other environments."
0	"There are many hardware and software platforms; it is not only a Windows world."
0	"A portable SCTP userland stack."
0	"Games can be exported in one click to a number of platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, MacOS, Windows) as well as mobile (Android, iOS) and web-based (HTML5) platforms."
0	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform."
0	"Transportation and adaptation. Adaptation includes most of the modifications that need to be made to the original software, including automated retranslation. "
0	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs)."
0	"Javascript and WebAssembly versions are also available and are fully supported. "
0	"These include Microsoft supported platforms (Windows, Windows apps, DNX) as well as other implementations, such as Mono and Xamarin. Some APIs may be removed on certain platforms (such as AppDomains, File I/O, etc.), or refactored into other types (such as some Reflection APIs)."
0	"macOS users must also run the following command for Android Studio to see this environment variable."
0	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another. "
0	"To translate software to run in a different computer environment. For example, "port the application to Unix" means make the necessary changes in the program's source code so that it can be compiled and run under the Unix operating system."
0	"Portable OpenSSH polyfills OpenBSD APIs that are not available elsewhere, adds sshd sandboxing for more operating systems and includes support for OS-native authentication and auditing."
0	"Being able to move software from one machine platform to another. "
0	"Fast R-CNN."
0	"Multi-GPU training and inference."
0	"Open/close rates are calculated by tracking production issues reported in a specific time period."
0	"Deploy the performance tools for the development team."
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"These and similar large projects are supported much more actively by a larger number of contributors."
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)!"
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"Download best format available but no better than 480p"
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"Java and Python have many similarities. "
0	"One of the fastest Python frameworks available"
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"At least Neo4j and OrientDB can’t stand out in this test despite it’s a simple graph traversal. "
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"Memory is our pain point when compared to other systems and it will be addressed in the next major release. "
0	"Adding a classfier to trained with conditions and constraint G works faster and better than appending conditions to images for D training."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"The tests show that multi-model databases can compete with single model databases. "
0	"**Please note**: This method is less efficient than `observeNetworkConnectivity(context)` method, because in default observing strategy, it opens socket connection with remote host (default is www.google.com) every two seconds with two seconds of timeout and consumes data transfer."
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"If the program does terminal interaction, make it output a short notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode:  {project}  Copyright (C) {year}  {fullname} This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY, for details type `show w'."
0	"License MIT, see the LICENSE file for more information."
0	""Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below)."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"MIT License"
0	"You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License."
0	"Trademarks."
0	"License Stetho is MIT-licensed."
0	"License   MIT License   Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Michael Nielsen   Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:   The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"Affirmer makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose."
0	""License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document."
0	"Submission of Contributions."
0	"Copyright and Related Rights."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and imitations under the License."
0	"Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"Disclaimer of Warranty."
0	""Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files."
0	"b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to the greatest extent permissible under applicable law."
0	"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program."
0	"For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof."
0	"For example, it may be reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or hyperlink to a resource that includes the required information."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"Submission of Contributions."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"Copyright (c) 2016 Atlassian and others."
0	"END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs  If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms."
0	"Additional offer from the Licensor -- Adapted Material."
0	"l. Share means to provide material to the public by any means or process that requires permission under the Licensed Rights, such as reproduction, public display, public performance, distribution, dissemination, communication, or importation, and to make material available to the public including in ways that members of the public may access the material from a place and at a time individually chosen by them."
0	"Copyright © 2006-2018, RANGER Studio LLC."
0	" Horovod opyright 2018 Uber Technologies, Inc."
0	"Credits  Font Awesome Sql.js KnexJS  License"
0	"However, if You fail to comply with this Public License, then Your rights under this Public License terminate automatically."
0	"See the GNU General Public License for more details."
0	"If the program does terminal interaction, make it output a short notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode:  {project}  Copyright (C) {year}  {fullname} This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY, for details type `show w'."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below, . rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a Work, i."
0	"If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed."
0	"In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
0	""Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License."
0	"Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions."
0	"The Adapter's License You apply must be a Creative Commons license with the same License Elements, this version or later, or a BY-NC-SA Compatible License."
0	"RANGER Studio LLC owns all Directus trademarks and logos on behalf of our project's community."
0	"However, if You fail to comply with this Public License, then Your rights under this Public License terminate automatically."
0	"LICENSE Copyright 2015 The RxAndroid authors Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this project except in compliance with the License."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2019 Infinite Red, Inc."
0	"Redistribution."
0	"k. NonCommercial means not primarily intended for or directed towards commercial advantage or monetary compensation."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	"For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	"Trademarks."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"Topic Modelling for Humans."
0	"The most popular Python library for Machine Learning."
0	"Robust IO tools for loading data from flat files (CSV and delimited), Excel files, databases, and saving/loading data from the ultrafast HDF5 format"
0	"Automated nginx proxy for Docker containers using docker-gen."
0	"Despite its unassuming name, bup is pretty cool."
0	"Fast out of the box, cache-friendly when you need it."
0	"Easy and comprehensive assessment of predictive power, with support for neuroimaging features."
0	"A bitmap image editor."
0	"A collection of design patterns/idioms in Python."
0	"Miscellaneous   Useful libraries or tools that don't fit in the categories above."
0	"Added proper initialization for ONNX TypeStrToProtoMap."
0	"Define and run multi-container applications with Docker."
0	"Elegant and fluent APIs in Java and Scala"
0	"It implements an original way of running and organizing event-driven systems based on Petri nets."
0	"pix2code: Generating Code from a Graphical User Interface Screenshot."
0	"The minimalist web API framework for building reliable, high-performance REST APIs, microservices, proxies, and app backends in Python."
0	"Known Issues There are some issues which Tinker can't dynamic update."
0	"MapReduce & ForkJoin Processing"
0	"Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing is an implementation of Hierarchical Temporal Memory (HTM), a theory of intelligence based strictly on the neuroscience of the neocortex."
0	"Frontends: CXF supports a variety of "frontend" programming models. CXF implements the JAX-WS APIs. It also includes a "simple frontend" which allows creation of clients and endpoints without annotations. CXF supports both contract first development with WSDL and code first development starting from Java. There is also a JAX-RS frontend for providing REST support."
0	"Users can exchange images, text, video and any other digital documents."
0	"Simple, Pythonic, text processing--Sentiment analysis, part-of-speech tagging, noun phrase extraction, translation, and more."
0	"The Python client for Redis."
0	"Providing best-practice pipelines for fully automated high throughput sequencing analysis."
0	"Metric learning algorithms in Python."
0	"It automatically synchronizes data from your UI (view) with your JavaScript objects (model) through 2-way data binding. "
0	"Find faces in pictures."
0	"Modules: Provides implementations for many commonly used layers in vision and language domain"
0	"Object oriented Python Distribution based on Qt and Spyder."
0	"Find all the faces that appear in a picture:"
0	"Turi Create simplifies the development of custom machine learning models."
0	"A library for expressive and efficient service composition"
0	"Machine learning evaluation metrics."
0	"A super simple plugin manager for Sketch."
0	"Monospaced font family for user interface and coding environments."
0	"Mask R-CNN for object detection and instance segmentation on Keras and TensorFlow."
0	"Framework agnostic REST framework based on lessons learned from Tastypie."
0	"It lets you use good old HTML (or HAML, Jade/Pug and friends!) as your template language and lets you extend HTML’s syntax to express your application’s components clearly and succinctly. "
0	"Lightweight library to build and train neural networks in Theano."
0	"Extending and consolidating hosts files from several well-curated sources like adaway.org, mvps.org, malwaredomainlist.com, someonewhocares.org, and potentially others.  You can optionally invoke extensions to block additional sites by category. ."
0	"Since it is very difficult to maintain a record of data items and  this information manually or in file system, we are creating a database for the complete management of resources and tasks of metro system."
0	"Neural Machine Translation using sequence-to-sequence RNN with attention (OpenNMT)."
0	"Modules: Provides implementations for many commonly used layers in vision and language domain"
0	"Machine Learning From Scratch. Bare bones NumPy implementations of machine learning models and algorithms with a focus on accessibility. Aims to cover everything from data mining to deep learning."
0	"Machine Learning From Scratch. Bare bones NumPy implementations of machine learning models and algorithms with a focus on accessibility. Aims to cover everything from data mining to deep learning."
0	"NeuralCoref is production-ready, integrated in spaCy's NLP pipeline and extensible to new training datasets."
0	"A simple, powerful, efficient subtitle creation software."
0	"Make it easy to convert ragged, differently-indexed data in other Python and NumPy data structures into DataFrame objects"
0	"Tensors and Dynamic neural networks in Python  with strong GPU acceleration."
0	"Web-interface + rest API for classification and regression (https://jeff1evesque.github.io/machine-learning.docs)."
0	"Image-to-Image Translation with Conditional Adversarial Networks (Pix2pix) implementation in keras."
0	"Lightweight, Portable, Flexible Distributed/Mobile Deep Learning with Dynamic, Mutation-aware Dataflow Dep Scheduler; for Python, R, Julia, Scala, Go, Javascript and more."
0	"Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data"
0	"It uses evolutionary algorithms such as a genetic algorithm to train artificial neural networks."
0	"Usage examples: intrusion detection, fraud detection, system health monitoring, removing anomalous data from the dataset etc."
0	"You can use Pythia to bootstrap for your next vision and language multimodal research project."
0	"Gorgonia is a library that helps facilitate machine learning in Go."
0	"Cross-platform GUI management tool for Redis."
0	"We facilitate building a music app and other amazing products."
0	"Usage examples: intrusion detection, fraud detection, system health monitoring, removing anomalous data from the dataset etc."
0	"You can't load the whole archive into calibre."
0	"Create your own challenges, categories, hints, and flags from the Admin Interface."
0	"Natural back-pressure in streaming programs"
0	"Distributed: Support for distributed training based on DataParallel as well as DistributedDataParallel."
0	"A Django app which creates automatic web UIs for Python scripts."
0	"Framework agnostic REST framework based on lessons learned from Tastypie."
0	"Read Compiled HTML (.chm) documents on your Mac."
0	"A command line HTTP client, a user-friendly cURL replacement."
0	"Spearmint Bayesian optimization codebase."
0	"A library of extension and helper modules for Python's data analysis and machine learning libraries."
0	"Modern responsive template for the Django admin interface with improved functionality."
0	"Size mutability: columns can be inserted and deleted from DataFrame and higher dimensional objects"
0	"Ease of use: CXF is designed to be intuitive and easy to use. There are simple APIs to quickly build code-first services, Maven plug-ins to make tooling integration easy, JAX-WS API support, Spring 2.x XML support to make configuration a snap, and much more."
0	"Added improved input validation for group convolution."
0	"Web mining module for Python, with tools for scraping, natural language processing, machine learning, network analysis and visualization."
0	"Metric learning algorithms in Python."
0	"A news reader for Feedbin, Feedly, Feed Wrangler and so on."
0	"Libraries for implementing authentications schemes."
0	"Logging for complex & distributed systems."
0	"Users can exchange images, text, video and any other digital documents."
0	"A simple, powerful, efficient subtitle creation software."
0	"Intelligent label-based slicing, fancy indexing, and subsetting of large data sets"
0	"Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data"
0	"Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website."
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions. "
0	"Before embarking on improving a product, its usefulness has to be measured in order to ascertain its efficiency and effectiveness. "
0	"The first step in creating a usable product is understanding those goals in the context of the user’s environment, task or work flow, and letting these needs inform the design."
0	"Plugin for Redmine, which allows to improve the usability of Redmine."
0	"A usable product does not mean automatically that its interface is simple or easy to use. "
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions. "
0	"You will get a lot of useful enhancements that will improve Redmine usability: ability to replace the standard preloader that blocks the entire page; ability to hide the sidebar, fast preview of photos and others."
0	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface."
0	"Check that each one looks noticeably different not only from the background green (easy) but also from each other."
0	"UX design uses the controlled aspects of technology to suit the uncontrolled."
0	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons."
0	"The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products."
0	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons."
0	"Learnability: How easy is it for users to accomplish basic tasks the first time they encounter the design?"
0	"Informational Components: tooltips, icons, progress bar, notifications, message boxes, modal windows."
0	"Usability means evaluation."
0	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging."
0	"Usability means evaluation."
0	"Normally those things are easy to change or enhance and they add a great value to your product."
0	"Input Controls: buttons, text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, dropdown lists, list boxes, toggles, date field."
0	"Make sure that the system communicates what’s happening.  Always inform your users of location, actions, changes in state, or errors. The use of various UI elements to communicate status and, if necessary, next steps can reduce frustration for your user. "
0	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business."
0	"Usability relies on user-feedback through evaluation rather than simply trusting the experience and expertise of the designer. Unlike conventional software acceptance testing, usability evaluation involves watching real people use a product (or prototype), and using what is learned to improve the product."
0	"Errors: How many errors do users make, how severe are these errors, and how easily can they recover from the errors?"
0	"Usability relies on user-feedback through evaluation rather than simply trusting the experience and expertise of the designer. Unlike conventional software acceptance testing, usability evaluation involves watching real people use a product (or prototype), and using what is learned to improve the product."
0	"Check that each one looks noticeably different not only from the background green (easy) but also from each other."
0	"Easy, automatic and powerful information display system."
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website."
0	"Careful placement of items can help draw attention to the most important pieces of information and can aid scanning and readability."
0	"Simplicity in its usage."
0	"Strategically use color and texture. "
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"Usability considerations, such as who the users are and their experience with similar systems must be examined. "
0	"A non-exhaustive but growing list needs to mention: Trevor Killeen, Sasank Chilamkurthy, Sergey Zagoruyko, Adam Lerer, Francisco Massa, Alykhan Tejani, Luca Antiga, Alban Desmaison, Andreas Kopf, James Bradbury, Zeming Lin, Yuandong Tian, Guillaume Lample, Marat Dukhan, Natalia Gimelshein, Christian Sarofeen, Martin Raison, Edward Yang, Zachary Devito."
0	"Contributions."
0	"Blog."
0	"We need folks to help with documentation, translation, promotion etc."
0	"Subscribe or mail the dev@beam.apache.org list."
0	"You can also ask for clarifications or guidance in GitHub issues directly, or in the akka/dev chat if a more real time communication would be of benefit."
0	"See CONTRIBUTING.md for info on contributing changes."
0	"b"# Contributing guidelines."
0	"I happily welcome your contributions here!"
0	"Contact us if you are looking for implementation tasks that fit your skills."
0	"Contact Us."
0	"For bug reports or requests [submit an issue](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer/issues)."
0	"For those just getting started with pull requests, GitHub has a"
0	"* This original version and content of the guide is maintained in English."
0	"The Pallets organization develops and supports Flask and the libraries it uses."
0	"We should have awe-inspiring speed and crazy-good compression."
0	"See CONTRIBUTING for details on submitting patches and the contribution workflow."
0	"Submit a pull request."
0	"Take a look at issues with tag called Good first issue or Help wanted."
0	"We would like to thank the statistics community for building an amazing architecture."
0	"Welcome contribute your amazing animation effect."
0	"Fork the [main repository](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer)."
0	"Starring repositories lets maintainers know you appreciate their work and helps you track projects you don’t contribute to."
0	"Editor preferences are available in the editor config for easy use in common text editors."
0	"Strategic Initiatives."
0	"Any form of contribution that is not mentioned above."
0	"Submit a pull request."
0	"(For consistency, the link should be added in alphabetical order by ISO code, and the anchor text should be in the native language.)"
0	"There are a number of issues listed under Docs and good first issue where you could start out."
0	"Pull requests that deviate from the contributing.md, could be labelled as invalid, and closed (without merging to master)."
0	"This creates a copy of the code under your account on the GitHub server."
0	"Contributing to pandas Open Source Helpers."
0	"Here is the process for maintaining translations:."
0	"Don\'t work in the `master` branch!."
0	"We welcome community contributions to nGraph."
0	"Thanks to all our contributing authors, including (in chronological order):"
0	"* If it is not in progress, file an issue for your language so people know you are working on it and we can arrange."
0	"Because of this, all pull requests will be subject to the same level of scrutiny for quality, coding standards, performance, globalization, accessibility, and compatibility as those of our internal contributors."
0	"On the other hand, if your answer is "because I don't like a particular formatting" then you're not ready to embrace Black yet."
0	"We need your support!"
0	"For bug reports or requests [submit an issue](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer/issues)."
