category	text
1	"Efficiency testing tests the amount of resources required by a program to perform a specific function. "
1	"Efficiency can be defined as, using the resources optimally where resources could be memory, CPU, time, files, connections, databases etc. "
1	"we probably able to develop an optimal system in which 90% of the code using just 1% of CPU in peak load, but 10% of code is using 99% of CPU. "
1	"If we worry about the performance only after the system is built then we are in the worst situation, we probably could not reach 90% optimal code level. "
1	"Provides configurable automation of system and business workflow processes. "
1	"Requires data to be entered only once, with no re-keying. "
1	"Has configurable parameter / table facilities. "
1	"Provides easily configurable data import programs. "
1	"Operates quickly and efficiently, with acceptable system performance. "
1	"Enables real time and / or batch processing. "
1	"Supports the number of concurrent system users you require, at peak processing / enquiry times, with no degradation of system performance. "
1	"Supports your chosen operational set up eg whether using SaaS, running a Shared Service Centre, single or multiple sites. "
1	"Has a vendor warranty as to the software specification and performance. "
1	"Runs on industry standard hardware. "
1	"Runs with hardware independent operating system. "
1	"If a query searches multiple fields, create a compound index. Scanning an index is much faster than scanning a collection.  "
1	"Indexes also improve efficiency on queries that routinely sort on a given field. "
1	"MongoDB cursors return results in groups of multiple documents. If you know the number of results you want, you can reduce the demand on network.resources by issuing the limit() method. "
1	"When you need only a subset of fields from documents, you can achieve better performance by returning only the fields you need. "
1	"if you need to handle a large volume of data and store it as documents, MongoDB will help you to meet the challenges. "
1	"A 32 bit application, using a 32 bit version of windows, is pretty RAM efficient. "
1	"A 64 git application on a 64 bit version can be even more inefficient. "
1	"It could be more than double the RAM requirements. "
1	"One of the biggest upgrades you can make to an older computer is being sure it has enough memory (RAM) to handle the operating system and all the programs you want to run on it. "
1	"Tungsten suppresses virtual functions and leverages close to bare metal performance by focusing on jobs CPU and memory efficiency. "
1	"it comes with a tradeoff as map and filter functions perform poorer with this API. "
1	"The goal of tracking and analyzing software metrics is to determine the quality of the current product or process, improve that quality and predict the quality once the software development project is complete. "
1	"Reducing the lines of codes. "
1	"Reducing the number of bugs reported. "
1	"Increasing the number of software iterations. "
1	"Speeding up the completion of tasks. "
1	"Lead time quantifies how long it takes for ideas to be developed and delivered as software. "
1	"Cycle time describes how long it takes to change the software system and implement that change in production. "
1	"Team velocity measures how many software units a team completes in an iteration or sprint.  "
1	"Open/close rates are calculated by tracking production issues reported in a specific time period. "
1	"Production metrics attempt to measure how much work is done and determine the efficiency of software development teams. "
1	"The software metrics that use speed as a factor are important to managers who want software delivered as fast as possible. "
1	"Efficiency attempts to measure the amount of productive code contributed by a software developer. "
1	"Efficient in memory and CPU usage. "
1	"Measured in terms of time required to complete any task given to the system. "
1	"System should utilize processor capacity, disk space and memory efficiently.  "
1	"If system is using all the available resources then user will get degraded performance failing the system for efficiency.  "
1	"If system is not efficient then it can not be used in real time applications. "
1	"Use resources efficiently and lower costs. "
1	"Modeling performance of GitHub project development processes. "
1	"Modelling Optimization of Energy Efficiency in Buildings for Urban Sustainability. "
1	"Collaboratively building the future of energy efficiency. "
1	"Standard methods for calculating normalized metered energy consumption and avoided energy use. "
1	"Software performance testing is the practice of determining whether a given application has the capacity to perform in terms of scalability and responsiveness under a specified workload.  "
1	"Load testing is used to study the behavior of the application under specified loads. It also shows how an application will function when the majority of its users are logged in. "
1	"A stress test is performed to determine the upper limit of the application capacity and how the application performs when the current load exceeds the expected maximum.  "
1	"Performance Testing for Modin is built into the Jenkins build system. Perf Data from these tests are stored in S3. Use these notebooks to analyze these performance numbers. "
1	"Efficiency refers to how well the application responds and uses its resources under different conditions.  "
1	"Good software must be able to operate under high load conditions and still respond with minimal latency to avoid frustrating end users. "
1	"Simulate a heavy software load and test the software under different load conditions. "
1	"Performance Testing is defined as a type of software testing to ensure software applications will perform well under their expected workload. "
1	"The focus of Performance Testing is checking a software program's efficiency. "
1	"Speed - Determines whether the application responds quickly. "
1	"Scalability - Determines maximum user load the software application can handle. "
1	"Stability - Determines if the application is stable under varying loads. "
1	"Performance Testing is popularly called “Perf Testing” and is a subset of performance engineering. "
1	"Determine whether their software meets speed, scalability and stability requirements. "
1	"Load time is normally the initial time it takes an application to start.  "
1	"Response time is the time it takes from when a user inputs data into the application until the application outputs a response to that input. "
1	"A software product suffers from poor scalability when it cannot handle the expected number of users or when it does not accommodate a wide enough range of users.  "
1	"Bottlenecks are obstructions in a system which degrade overall system performance. Bottlenecking is when either coding errors or hardware issues cause a decrease of throughput under certain loads.  "
1	"Improved usage of CPU utilization to improve efficiency. "
1	"Reduced memory utilization to increase performance. "
1	"Highly performant network utilization. "
1	"Due to Operating System limitations. "
1	"Efficient disk usage. "
1	"Processor Usage - an amount of time processor spends executing non-idle threads. "
1	"Memory use - amount of physical memory available to processes on a computer. "
1	"Disk time - amount of time disk is busy executing a read or write request. "
1	"Bandwidth - shows the bits per second used by a network interface. "
1	"Private bytes - number of bytes a process has allocated that can't be shared amongst other processes. These are used to measure memory leaks and usage. "
1	"Committed memory - amount of virtual memory used. "
1	"Memory pages/second - number of pages written to or read from the disk in order to resolve hard page faults. Hard page faults are when code not from the current working set is called up from elsewhere and retrieved from a disk. "
1	"Page faults/second - the overall rate in which fault pages are processed by the processor. This again occurs when a process requires code from outside its working set. "
1	"CPU interrupts per second - is the avg. number of hardware interrupts a processor is receiving and processing each second. "
1	"Disk queue length - is the avg. no. of read and write requests queued for the selected disk during a sample interval. "
1	"Network output queue length - length of the output packet queue in packets. Anything more than two means a delay and bottlenecking needs to be stopped. "
1	"Network bytes total per second - rate which bytes are sent and received on the interface including framing characters. "
1	"Response time - time from when a user enters a request until the first character of the response is received. "
1	"Throughput - rate a computer or network receives requests per second. "
1	"Amount of connection pooling - the number of user requests that are met by pooled connections. The more requests met by connections in the pool, the better the performance will be. "
1	"Maximum active sessions - the maximum number of sessions that can be active at once. "
1	"Hit ratios - This has to do with the number of SQL statements that are handled by cached data instead of expensive I/O operations. This is a good place to start for solving bottlenecking issues. "
1	"Hits per second - the no. of hits on a web server during each second of a load test. "
1	"Rollback segment - the amount of data that can rollback at any point in time. "
1	"Database locks - locking of tables and databases needs to be monitored and carefully tuned. "
1	"Top waits - are monitored to determine what wait times can be cut down when dealing with the how fast data is retrieved from memory "
1	"Thread counts - An applications health can be measured by the no. of threads that are running and currently active. "
1	"Garbage collection - It has to do with returning unused memory back to the system. Garbage collection needs to be monitored for efficiency. "
1	"Verify response time is not more than 4 secs when 1000 users access the website simultaneously. "
1	"Verify response time of the Application Under Load is within an acceptable range when the network connectivity is slow "
1	"Check the maximum number of users that the application can handle before it crashes. "
1	"Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously. "
1	"Check CPU and memory usage of the application and the database server under peak load conditions "
1	"Verify response time of the application under low, normal, moderate and heavy load conditions. "
1	"During the actual performance test execution, vague terms like acceptable range, heavy load, etc. are replaced by concrete numbers.  "
1	"Performance engineers set these numbers as per business requirements, and the technical landscape of the application. "
1	"Performance Testing is a discipline concerned with testing and reporting the current performance of a software application under various parameters. "
1	"Performance engineering is the process by which software is tested and tuned with the intent of realizing the required performance. "
1	"This process aims to optimize the most important application performance trait i.e. user experience. "
1	"How to Measure Energy-Efficiency of Software: Metrics and Measurement Results. "
1	"In the field of information and computer technology (ICT), saving energy has its focus set on energy. "
1	"efficient hardware and its operation. "
1	"Metrics for energy efficient software rely on its useful work done. "
1	"There already exist approaches for measuring software energy consumption, mostly as black box measurement. "
1	"Intends to classify the known methods of energy efficiency measurement.  "
1	"Benchmarking methods are able to measure a system as a black box and can generate a statement on how the entire system (software and hardware) performs on the whole. "
1	"Suites of performance tests for Spark, PySpark, Spark Streaming, and MLlib. "
1	"Entered the competition using NADSort, a distributed sorting program built on top of Spark, and set a new world record as the most cost-efficient way to sort 100TB of data. "
1	"Validates Spark as the most efficient data processing engine. "
1	"Code efficiency. There are other words we can use (optimization, performance, speed), but it's all about making existing code run faster.  "
1	"Whether for desktop, mobile, or web apps, in this course you'll see how to identify pain points and measure them accurately, as well as view multiple approaches to improve the performance.  "
1	"Author Simon Allardice covers everything from "quick fixes" to more complex (but more accurate) algorithms. "
1	"Using code analysis tools to measure performance. "
1	"Managing memory. "
1	"Managing disk-based and network resources. "
1	"Improves the speed of data retrieval operations on a database table at the cost of additional writes and storage space to maintain the index data structure.  "
1	"Indexes are used to quickly locate data without having to search every row in a database table every time a database table is accessed.  "
1	"Indexes can be created using one or more columns of a database table, providing the basis for both rapid random lookups and efficient access of ordered records. "
1	"The Terminal will also need to meet our goals and measures to ensure it remains fast, and efficient, and doesn't consume vast amounts of memory or power. "
1	"They are less efficient than the implementations in the Python standard library. "
1	"It is much less efficient on large lists than more advanced algorithms such as quicksort, heapsort, or merge sort. "
1	"Like quicksort, it is efficient in practice and has good average-case performance, but has poor worst-case performance. Quickselect and its variants are the selection algorithms most often used in efficient real-world implementations. "
1	"lightweight. "
1	"Weighing just about 37 KB of gzipped JS code. "
1	"Performance has been improved by working in different aspects. "
1	"Efficiently reducing impact on disk and memory. "
1	"Capable of processing even in big data scenarios. "
1	"Ready large-scale computation, "
1	"Python package providing fast, flexible, and expressive data structures. "
1	"Okay, so there still is a server - but it only has a 40 millisecond life cycle! Serverless in this case means "without any permanent infrastructure." "
1	"If you want to contribute to TensorFlow, be sure to review the contribution guidelines. This project adheres to TensorFlow's code of conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. "
1	"We use GitHub issues for tracking requests and bugs, please see TensorFlow Discuss for general questions and discussion, and please direct specific questions to Stack Overflow. "
1	"The TensorFlow project strives to abide by generally accepted best practices in open-source software development. "
1	"Set of tools to make your work with Steppy faster and more effective.  "
1	"Steppy is a lightweight, open-source, Python library for fast and reproducible experimentation. "
1	"This improves the experience both in terms of performance and model size. "
1	"Big Data (feed it lots of data- it's fairly efficient with resources). "
1	"XGBoost is an optimized distributed gradient boosting library designed to be highly efficient. "
1	"It uses the checkpointing feature, which makes this code WAY more efficient!!! "
1	"This implementation is inspired by this technical report, which outlines a strategy for efficient DenseNets via memory sharing. "
1	"This adds 15-20% of time overhead for training, but reduces feature map consumption from quadratic to linear. "
1	"efficient=True uses the memory-efficient version "
1	"Because findViewById(int) is CPU-consuming (this is why we use the ViewHolder pattern), this library use a findViewByIdEfficient(int id) into the ViewHolder class. "
1	"ECO: Efficient Convolutional Network for Online Video Understanding, European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2018. "
1	"A collection of recent methods on DNN compression and acceleration. There are mainly 5 kinds of methods for efficient DNNs. "
1	"Learning efficient convolutional networks through network slimming. "
1	"An efficient densenet using learned group convolutions. "
1	"Interleaved lowrank group convolutions for efficient deep neural networks. "
1	"Multi-scale dense networks for resource efficient image classification. "
1	"Without special optimization, the inference time is similiar across frameworks.  "
1	"The default data parallel of PyTorch, powerd by nn.DataParallel is in-efficienct! "
1	"All items in the Front-End Performance Checklist are essentials to achieve the highest performance score but you would find an indicator to help you to eventually prioritised some rules amount others. There are 3 levels of priority: "
1	"List of the tools you can use to test or monitor your website or application. "
1	"WebPagetest - Website Performance and Optimization Test. "
1	"☆ Dareboost: Website Speed Test and Website Analysis. "
1	"Treo: Page Speed Monitoring. "
1	"GTmetrix | Website Speed and Performance Optimization. "
1	"Page Speed Insights. "
1	"Pingdom Website Speed Test. "
1	"📖 Make the Web Faster | Google Developers. "
1	"Sitespeed.io - Welcome to the wonderful world of Web Performance. "
1	"Website Speed Test | Check Web Performance » Dotcom-Tools. "
1	"Website and Server Uptime Monitoring - Pingdom (Free Signup Link). "
1	"SpeedCurve: Monitor front-end performance. "
1	"PWMetrics - CLI tool and lib to gather performance metrics. "
1	"Varvy - Page speed optimization. "
1	"Checkbot browser extension - Checks for web performance best practices. "
1	"Yellow Lab Tools | Online test to help speeding up heavy web pages. "
1	"Speedrank - Web Performance Monitoring. "
1	"DebugBear - Monitor website performance and Lighthouse scores. "
1	"This repo contains benchmarks used for testing the performance of all .NET Runtimes: .NET Core, Full .NET Framework, Mono and CoreRT. "
1	"To make the perceived performance of your application faster, use an Application Shell. "
1	"but also for improving the runtime performance of our applications. "
1	"A library to benchmark code snippets, similar to unit tests. "
1	"Very fast: up to 2x faster than Detectron and 30% faster than mmdetection during training. "
1	"Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training. "
1	"Multi-GPU training and inference. "
1	"CPU support for inference: runs on CPU in inference time. See our webcam demo for an example. "
1	"Scalable fuzzing infrastructure. "
1	"Evaluated and improved learning model efficiency using R­Square, Mean Square Error and Mean Absolute Error. "
1	"There may also be a tendency to take this too far and optimise code for terseness and not readability. "
1	"Some computer scientists point out that the efficiency or performance of software is decreasing when the hardware is becoming more powerful.  "
1	"The architectural efficiency or performance optimization is mostly about the resource allocation. "
1	"Therefore,finding a method for resource allocation optimization is crucial to achieve software efficiency or performance optimization at the software architectural level.  "
1	"This thesis proposes a method which uses the response model R to analyze the relations between software performance/efficiency and resource from the software and hardware architectural perspective, hence provide a neat way for the performance or efficiency optimization.  "
1	"Key terms in software efficiency are: software, hardware, architecture, resources, optimization, efficiency, performance. "
1	"The fast pace of hardware development provides enriched hardware resources that increase the tolerance to inefficiency.  "
1	"Among all kinds of popular software on computers, there are only a few such as games which can make full use of hardware resources which are sensitive to efficiency. "
1	"For rest and most of the software, hardware resources are truly overabundant.  "
1	"Therefore, developers of less demanding software gradually lower their standard on efficiency.  "
1	"However, this will not compromise their competitiveness, but on contrary, it may even boost their competitiveness. Developing more efficient software requires better design and more optimization, hence higher costs. Moreover, the breakthrough in storage technology also significantly reduces the cost per unit memory.  "
1	"Daily software which takes 100% more memory may only result in a minor increased spend on hardware.  "
1	"Furthermore, the development of computational power ensures that inefficiency software can be as functional as efficient software with a just price of higher (but not full) CPU load. Nevertheless, neglecting software efficiency will not become an issue, because it is compensated by the still increasing hardware performance as long as the semiconductor industry does not reach its bottleneck.  "
1	"The above analysis suggests that highly efficient software would not bring obvious benefits to software vendors.  "
1	"Very efficient backup system based on the git packfile format, providing fast incremental saves and global deduplication (among and within files, including virtual machine images). "
1	"Ultra fast asyncio event loop. "
1	"Increase your computer performance, optimizing RAM usage. "
1	"Control CPU and RAM usage from your system tray. "
1	"Memory footprint refers to the amount of main memory that a program uses or references while running. "
1	"In computing, the memory footprint of a software application indicates its runtime memory requirements, while the program executes.  "
1	"This includes all sorts of active memory regions like code segment containing (mostly) program instructions (and occasionally constants), data segment (both initialized and uninitialized),heap memory, call stack, plus memory required to hold any additional data structures, such as symbol tables, debugging data structures, open files, shared libraries mapped to the current process, etc., that the program ever needs while executing and will be loaded at least once during the entire run. "
1	"Often, disk footprint is confused with memory footprint, since both include certain overlapping areas, such program executable, libraries, etc.  "
1	"Disk footprint (or storage footprint) of a software application refers to its sizing information when it's in an inactive state, or in other words, when it's not executing but stored on a secondary media or downloaded over a network connection.  "
1	"In software engineering, a bottleneck occurs when the capacity of an application or a computer system is severely limited by a single component, like the neck of a bottle slowing down the overall water flow.  "
1	"The bottleneck has lowest throughput of all parts of the transaction path. "
1	"Performance engineering encompasses the techniques applied during a systems development life cycle to ensure the non-functional requirements for performance (such as throughput, latency, or memory usage) will be met. "
1	"Specify a profiling tool for the development/component unit test environment. "
1	"Identify a database test data load tool for the development/component unit test environment; this is required to ensure that the database optimizer chooses correct execution paths and to enable reinitializing and reloading the database as needed. "
1	"Deploy the performance tools for the development team. "
1	"Scalability is the property of a system to handle a growing amount of work by adding resources to the system. "
1	"In computing, scalability is a characteristic of computers, networks, algorithms, networking protocols, programs and applications. An example is a search engine, which must support increasing numbers of users, and the number of topics it indexes. "
1	"A routing protocol is considered scalable with respect to network size, if the size of the necessary routing table on each node grows as O(log N), where N is the number of nodes in the network. Some early peer-to-peer (P2P) implementations of Gnutella had scaling issues.  "
1	"A scalable online transaction processing system or database management system is one that can be upgraded to process more transactions by adding new processors, devices and storage, and which can be upgraded easily and transparently without shutting it down. "
1	"The distributed nature of the Domain Name System allows it to work efficiently, serving billions of hosts on the worldwide Internet. "
1	"Scaling horizontally (out/in) means adding more nodes to (or removing nodes from) a system, such as adding a new computer to a distributed software application. "
1	"High-performance computing applications such as seismic analysis and biotechnology workloads scaled horizontally to support tasks that once would have required expensive supercomputers. "
1	"Scaling vertically (up/down) means adding resources to (or removing resources from) a single node, typically involving the addition of CPUs, memory or storage to a single computer. "
1	"Larger numbers of elements increases management complexity, more sophisticated programming to allocate tasks among resources and handle issues such as throughput and latency across nodes, while some applications do not scale horizontally. "
1	"Big data is a field that treats ways to analyze, systematically extract information from, or otherwise deal with data sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data-processing application software. "
1	"Big data challenges include capturing data, data storage, data analysis, search, sharing, transfer, visualization, querying, updating, information privacy and data source.  "
1	"Big data was originally associated with three key concepts: volume, variety, and velocity. "
1	"In my experiments checkpoint is almost 30 bigger on disk than parquet (689GB vs. 24GB).  "
1	"In terms of running time checkpoint takes 1.5 times longer (10.5 min vs 7.5 min). "
1	"A cluster is called noisy if there are lots of jobs and users which compete for resources and there are not enough resources to run all the jobs simultaneously. "
1	"Code efficiency is a broad term used to depict the reliability, speed and programming methodology used in developing codes for an application. "
1	"Code efficiency is directly linked with algorithmic efficiency and the speed of runtime execution for software. "
1	"Remove unnecessary code or code that goes to redundant processing. "
1	"Make use of optimal memory and nonvolatile storage. "
1	"Ensure the best speed or run time for completing the algorithm. "
1	"Make use of reusable components wherever possible. "
1	"Make use of error and exception handling at all layers of software, such as the user interface, logic and data flow. "
1	"Create programming code that ensures data integrity and consistency. "
1	"Develop programming code that's compliant with the design logic and flow. "
1	"Make use of coding practices applicable to the related software. "
1	"Optimize the use of data access and data management practices. "
1	"For efficiency evaluation, the constructed model has been tested on real-life data and it is shown that the constructed prediction model is more efficient than all previous models. "
1	"Balancing Efficiency and Flexibility for DNN Acceleration. "
1	"Speeding up Deep Neural Networks with Adaptive Computation and Efficient Multi-Scale Architectures. "
1	"Hardware Efficiency Aware Neural Architecture Search. "
1	"The primary focus is on the exploration of energy efficient techniques and architectures for cognitive computing and machine learning, particularly for applications and systems running at the edge. "
1	"For such resource constrained environments, performance alone is never sufficient, requiring system designers to carefully balance performance with power, energy, and area. "
1	"Neural network architectures for resource constrained devices. "
1	"Load balancing and efficient task distribution techniques. "
1	"Characterization of machine learning benchmarks and workloads. "
1	"Performance profiling and synthesis of workloads. "
1	"Power, performance and area (PPA) based comparison of neural networks. "
1	"Efficient on-device learning techniques. "
1	"Security, safety and privacy challenges and building secure AI systems. "
1	"Power/Performance evaluation of Energy Efficient Ethernet for High Performance Computing. "
1	"A Tutorial on Performance Evaluation and Validation Methodology for Low-Power and Lossy Networks. "
1	"Find the best Performance Appraisal Software for your business. "
1	"Software development projects have become a challenge for both industry and academia regarding the performance evaluation of systems. "
1	"Using Complete Machine Simulation for Software Power Estimation. "
1	"Power dissipation has become one of the most critical factors for the continued development of both high-end and low-end computer systems. "
1	"The successful design and evaluation of such optimization techniques is invariably tied to a broad and accurate set of rich tools that are available for conducting these studies "
1	"Performance optimization has long been the goal of different architectural and systems software studies, driving technological innovations to the limits for getting the most out of every cycle. "
1	"Quantitative performance analysis is the foundation for computer system design and innovation.  "
1	"In their classic paper, Emer and Clark noted that a lack of detailed timing information impairs efforts to improve performance. "
1	"A computer power supply does not send data about power consumption to the motherboard, nor does it measure power consumption. "
1	"What software can I use to monitor the power consumption of all the components of my pc? "
1	"Writing sustainable, power efficient and green software necessitates understanding the power consumption behavior of a computer program. "
1	"The power consumption of the streaming media server can be obtained in real time by the virtual instrumentation software module described. "
1	"Many power consumption figures are optimistic anyway. "
1	"The MLPerf effort aims to build a common set of benchmarks that enables the machine learning (ML) field to measure system performance for both training and testing. "
1	"In this post, Lambda Labs discusses the Deep Learning performance compared with other GPUs. "
1	"Computation time and cost are critical resources in building deep models, yet many existing benchmarks focus solely on model accuracy. "
1	"There are a few high end (and expectedly heavy) laptops like Nvidia GTX 1080 (8 GB VRAM), which can train an average of ~14k examples/second. "
1	"Buying hardware for machine learning exposes us to the risk of have an outdated machine after few months. "
1	"Average GPU memory usage is quite similar. "
1	"Machine learning and deep learning hardware challenges - memory challenges in deep neural networks. "
1	"Speed up the basic building blocks of machine learning computation. "
1	"Learn more about pc-requirements, deep, learning, neural, network, toolbox, hardware-requirements, parallel, computing, cuda, gpu-requirements and others. "
1	"The most common related benchmark would be runtime complexity telling how the performance drops with increasing data or model size (e.g. linear, logarithmic, exponential). "
1	"Improve performance of the digital sinusoidal generator in memory usage optimization. "
1	"Long-term memory effects on working memory updating development. "
1	"Data Processing Framework Using Apache and Spark Technologies in Big Data. "
1	"Memory-efficient and fast implementation of local adaptive binarization methods. "
1	"Scalable Performance Prediction of Codes with Memory Hierarchy and Pipelines. "
1	"Analysis of cache behaviour and software optimizations for faster on-chip network simulations. "
1	"Integrated web-based platform that manages the total spectrum of data needed to manage energy efficiency programs. "
1	"Efficiency testing test the amount of code and testing resources required by a program to perform a particular function. "
1	"Despite rapid advances in hardware performance, cutting-edge deep learning models continue to push the limits of GPU RAM.  "
1	"It’s always desirable to find ways to train larger models while consuming less memory.  "
1	"Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate. "
1	"When we work with tiny datasets, we can get away with loading an entire dataset into GPU memory. "
1	"Process the packing in parallel to save time and energy consumption. "
1	"We can read faster when reading from contiguous locations on disk. "
1	"This avoids computational bottlenecks while loading data. "
1	"Judiciously decide whether to load entire files into RAM. "
1	"Since the training of deep neural network often involves large amounts of data, the format we choose should be both efficient and convenient. "
1	"Hardware Monitor can tell you quite a bit about CPU and GPU usage, its a small download and a small footprint in terms of system resources. "
1	"You go to Resource Monitor from Task Manager, bottom of Performance tab. "
1	"Sometimes it involves moving data between memory and registers which enable high-speed data access in the CPU. "
1	"Fix High RAM and CPU Usage of Windows 10 System. "
1	"Gorgonia is currently fairly performant - its speeds are comparable to Theano's and Tensorflow's  CPU implementations. "
1	"- LASSO - K-means using as little memory as possible. "
1	"It can cluster millions of instances efficiently. "
1	"Main update: Add incremental Reader, which can save 50% memory cost. "
1	"Fix bugs in on-disk training. "
1	"How come gensim is so fast and memory efficient? "
1	"Note that it will allocate memory for ``max(i)+1`` items. "
1	"Fine-tuning  is inexpensive. "
1	"Monitor Memory usage of Python code. "
1	"An interactive Python profiler. "
1	"A sampling profiler for Python programs. "
1	"A ptracing profiler For Python. "
1	"Visual Python profiler. "
1	"It is hard to overload the server with MaricutoDB. "
1	"A deep learning framework designed for both efficiency and flexibility. "
1	"A library for fast numerical computation. "
1	"We are working on adding code to this repository which will allow much larger effective batch sizes to be used on the GPU. "
1	"Fast R-CNN. "
1	"The guidelines are focused on relatively higher-level issues, such as interfaces, resource management, memory management, and concurrency. "
1	"witching to a more memory efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the results. "
1	"YouCompleteMe is a fast, as-you-type, fuzzy-search code completion engine for Vim . "
1	"Efficient binary serialization. "
1	"Fast json parser (According to them, competetive with java gson/jackson speed). "
1	"Scala macros for compile-time generation of ultra-fast JSON codecs. "
1	"Flexible and powerful JSON manipulation, validation and serialization, with no reflection at runtime. "
1	"Fast Style Transfer in TensorFlow. "
1	"Lightning fast cluster computing — up to 100x faster than Hadoop for iterative algorithms (memory caching) and up to 10x faster than Hadoop for single-pass MapReduce jobs. "
1	"Real Time Aggregation based on Spark Streaming. "
1	"Compositional, streaming I/O library for Scala. "
1	"fast search engine, custom written to deal with large volumes of e-mail on consumer hardware. "
1	"A toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications. "
1	"Lightning Network is a second layer protocol built on top of bitcoin to address scalability, privacy, confirmation time and many other issues. "
1	"Makes it easy to build scalable, fast and real-time web applications with Java & Scala. "
1	"Kafka is a message broker project and aims to provide a unified, high-throughput, low-latency platform for handling real-time data feeds. "
1	"The current emphasis is on speed optimizations, which are necessary to complete training of the value-network and to create feasible tree-search. "
1	"Superresolution using an efficient sub-pixel convolutional neural network. "
1	"BCC is a toolkit for creating efficient kernel tracing and manipulation programs, and includes several useful tools and examples. "
1	"Each dataset is represented by a directory containing the same image data in several resolutions to enable efficient streaming. "
1	"A Scala library that is designed from the ground up for space efficiency, handling graphs with billions of nodes and edges. "
1	"For efficiency, only the histogram. "
1	"A library for expressive and efficient service composition. "
1	"Fast Decoding in Sequence Models using Discrete Latent Variables. "
1	"Fast out of the box, cache-friendly when you need it. "
1	"A simple Python program may not cause many problems when it comes to memory, but memory utilization becomes critical on high memory consuming projects. "
1	"Python’s interpreter performs the memory management and users have no control over it.  "
1	"Memory management in Python involves a private heap that contains all Python objects and data structures. "
1	"Memory manager internally ensures the management of this private heap. "
1	"For large numbers/data crunching, you can use libraries like Numpy, which gracefully handles memory management. "
1	"When it comes to improving the execution time of your multiple-task code, you may want to utilize multiple cores in the CPU to execute several tasks simultaneously.  "
1	"It may seem intuitive to spawn several threads and let them execute concurrently. "
1	"It's often helpful to analyze your code for coverage, quality, and performance.  "
1	"Efficiently monitor traffic flows. "
1	"bup is "relatively speedy" and has "pretty good" compression. "
1	"Unfortunately, this library is in a very early stage, so at the moment there is nothing along the lines of multithreading or any form of parallel computing. "
1	"Extremely high performance. "
1	"Efficiently scale-out. "
1	"Performance Several performance tests are included. "
1	"BigDL can efficiently scale out to perform data analytics at "Big Data scale", by leveraging Apache Spark (a lightning fast distributed data processing framework), as well as efficient implementations of synchronous SGD and all-reduce communications on Spark. "
1	"Consequently, it is orders of magnitude faster than out-of-box open source Caffe , Torch or TensorFlow on a single-node Xeon (i.e., comparable with mainstream GPU). "
1	"BigDL can efficiently scale out to perform data analytics at "Big Data scale", by leveraging Apache Spark (a lightning fast distributed data processing framework), as well as efficient implementations of synchronous SGD and all-reduce communications on Spark. "
1	"Algorithm to update DOM Precise data-binding, which is faster than virtual DOM Virtual DOM differentiation, which requires manually managed attributes for complicated DOM. "
1	"Lightning-fast cluster computing with Apache Spark. "
1	"Cache-Control headers and gzip support to be as fast as possible. "
1	"While Kestrel is a great solution up to a certain point (simple, fast, durable, and easy to deploy), it hasn't been able to cope with Twitter's massive scale (in terms of number of tenants, QPS, operability, diversity of workloads etc.) "
1	"Kestrel  Kestrel is based on Blaine Cook's "starling" simple, distributed message queue, with added features and bulletproofing, as well as the scalability offered by actors and the JVM. "
1	"The High Velocity Web Framework  The Play Framework combines productivity and performance making it easy to build scalable web applications with Java and Scala. "
1	"Stores your users' behavioural data in a scalable "event data warehouse" you control: in Amazon S3 and (optionally) "
1	"Support for indexing and fast querying over flexible tags for each time series/partition, just like Prometheus. "
1	"Holds a huge amount of data in-memory thanks to columnar compression techniques. "
1	"Low-latency. "
1	"Designed for highly concurrent, low-latency workloads such as dashboards and alerting Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested ensuring efficient and fault-tolerant distribution based on data parallelism, without the intermediate disk operations required in traditional distributed approaches. "
1	"When retrieving data by row key and then by range, you get a fast and efficient access pattern due to minimal disk seeks – time series data is an excellent fit for this type of pattern. "
1	"On the other hand, Cassovary is intended to be easy to use in a JVM-hosted environment and yet be efficient enough to scale to billions of edges. "
1	"This allows complex algorithms to be run on the graph efficiently, an otherwise recurring issue with distributed graph processing systems because of the known difficulty of achieving good graph partitions. "
1	"On the flip side, the size of the graph it works with is bounded by the memory available in a machine, though the use of space efficient data structures does not seem to make this a limitation for most practical graphs. "
1	"Then using the efficient search scroll API, the entire dataset that matches your query is streamed out to subscribers. "
1	"The Eventsourced library adds scalable actor state persistence and at-least-once message delivery guarantees to Akka. "
1	"Offers an open-source distributed, real-time, in-memory, massively scalable system ready for analyzing massive sources of data. "
1	"Massively Scalable - designed to ingest many millions of entities. "
1	"Sharded across multiple processes, with distributed querying built in Prometheus PromQL Support Tag-based Indexing. "
1	"Lets you build scalable, resilient, and reactive applications that meet the needs of your business. "
1	"To scalable distributed processing, Apache Spark also allows interactive data analysis. "
1	"Rethinking Data-Intensive Science Using Scalable Analytics Systems. "
1	"That means that it’s super-performant because serialization-related code is typically generated at compile-time and inlined where it is needed in your code. "
1	"If objects are pickled in a tight loop, this import can lead to a significant performance improvement. "
1	"The pull parser API is provided for cases requiring extreme performance. "
1	"The eight high performance websocket servers contain. "
1	"high-performance metrics library. "
1	"designed for highly concurrent, low-latency workloads such as dashboards and alerting. "
1	"Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested. "
1	"Suggested not to be higher than 8 GB (will cause issues scheduling) "
1	"Transform with blazing fast speeds using optimized row-based transformers. "
1	"Fast JSON parser LINQ-style queries Case classes can be used to extract values from parsed JSON Diff & merge. "
1	"Glide is a fast and efficient open source media management and image loading framework for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface. "
1	"GreenDAO is an ORM optimized for Android: it maps database tables to Java objects and uses code generation for optimal speed. "
1	"This is an Open Source Project. "
1	"But the timeline of innovation, particularly in open source projects, is also clear and we want our users to understand the direction of flow of innovation in our space. "
1	"This approach is inefficient! "
1	"This reduces recompilation time a lot. "
1	"It's fast and careful with memory. "
1	"Amount of memory that has been freed per minute. "
1	"Processed data will be written to disk before an operation returns. "
1	"Max memory usage / allocation in disk space. "
1	"Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training. "
1	"Job Manager will take care of prioritization, persistence, load balancing, delaying, network control, grouping etc. "
1	"DoctorKafka can also perform load balancing based on topic partitions\'s network usage, and makes sure that broker network usage does not exceed the defined settings. "
1	"Average relative increase in memory consumption. "
1	"However, when the data are loaded to memory, it will be much more efficient as we would never load those "hole" pages into memory. "
1	"By default, the code will load all the groundtruth data processed by Rawpy into memory without 8-bit or 16-bit quantization. "
1	"System load: 0.39 ,Memory usage: 2%, Processes: 80. "
1	"Improved performance after a full collection to the memory consumption. "
1	"Increase in indispensable memory consumption (base footprint). "
1	"The new efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the processor load. "
1	"Provides replacements for ArrayList, HashSet, and HashMap optimized for performance and memory usage. "
1	"Processing images can be memory intensive. "
1	"For example, you might need to determine how long it will take to generate 100 image thumbnails from disk or how much memory a data structure will take. "
1	"The average heap memory consumption after a minor collection. "
1	"This helps save memory while having little effect on performance. "
1	"Probably want to use shorter if possible for memory and speed reasons. "
1	"At the cost of flexibility, layer 4 load balancing requires less time and computing resources than Layer 7, although the performance impact can be minimal on modern commodity hardware. "
1	"To ensure high throughput, web servers can keep a large number of TCP connections open, resulting in high memory usage. "
1	"Max memory usage / allocation in perm space. "
1	"Intelligent load balancing. "
1	"Older version was consuming too much memory. "
1	"However I have implemented it in a joint way to save time and GPU memory. "
1	"Caching improves page load times and can reduce the load on your servers and databases. "
1	"Images are cached to memory and to disk for super fast loading. "
1	"If queues start to grow significantly, the queue size can become larger than memory, resulting in cache misses, disk reads, and even slower performance. "
1	"The parser generates events similar to an xml sax parser, and is very efficient memory wise. "
1	"However, with very large corpora, loading the entire text at once (and retaining it) can be memory-intensive. "
1	"Increase performance: When building from sources, we can leverage CPU specific optimizations. "
1	"Apache Pinot is a realtime distributed OLAP datastore, which is used to deliver scalable real time analytics with low latency. "
1	"Placing an index can keep the data in memory, requiring more space. "
1	"The performance and memory consumption will also be worse than running directly."
0	"The notion of software portability was confined to some research projects in universities. It has now become relevant, in some cases even vital, to the economical development of software in practice. "
0	"You can also install it globally so you can run it from outside Node projects - say goodbye to those gnarly Bash scripts!"
0	"Portability is not a binary attribute. "
0	"Javascript and WebAssembly versions are also available and are fully supported. "
0	"See the official docs for compilation instructions for every supported platform."
0	"Portability has usually meant some work when moving an application program to another operating system. "
0	"Traditionally, you could handle this via conditional compilation."
0	"A portable SCTP userland stack."
0	"Portability, in relation to software, is a measure of how easily an application can be transferred from one computer environment to another."
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools."
0	"These differing APIs make it harder to write cross-platform code. "
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools."
0	"Multi-platform ACL generation system."
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs)."
0	"GTK is a multi-platform toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces. "
0	"Portable Computing Language."
0	"This is a port of OpenBSD's OpenSSH to most Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, OS X and Cygwin. "
0	"Avalonia is a WPF/UWP-inspired cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of Operating Systems such as Windows (.NET Framework, .NET Core), Linux (via Xorg), MacOS and with experimental support for Android and iOS."
0	"An application that can be converted from one computer environment to another."
0	"We distinguish two major phases of the application porting process."
0	"Compilers for high level languages generate code that follow certain conventions. "
0	"Sigil is a multi-platform EPUB ebook editor."
0	"Embeddable Javascript engine with a focus on portability and compact footprint."
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"This is a userland SCTP stack supporting FreeBSD, Linux, MacOS and Windows."
0	"Sigil is a multi-platform EPUB ebook editor."
0	"Porting is the task of doing any work necessary to make the computer program run in the new environment. "
0	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps. "
0	"Avalonia is a WPF/UWP-inspired cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of Operating Systems such as Windows (.NET Framework, .NET Core), Linux (via Xorg), MacOS and with experimental support for Android and iOS."
0	"According to some definitions, software is portable only if the executable files can be run on a new platform without change. "
0	"These include Microsoft supported platforms (Windows, Windows apps, DNX) as well as other implementations, such as Mono and Xamarin. Some APIs may be removed on certain platforms (such as AppDomains, File I/O, etc.), or refactored into other types (such as some Reflection APIs)."
0	"GTK is a multi-platform toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces. "
0	"Traditionally, you could handle this via conditional compilation."
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"Below shows how to build the standalone executable on macOS, Linux and Windows."
0	"In addition, it's often simply not possible to "work around" an issue with an operating system in the same way that conditional compilation can resolve one with the compiler."
0	"We distinguish two major phases of the application porting process."
0	"Portability in high-level computer programming is the usability of the same software in different environments."
0	"We consider that each software unit has a quantifiable degree of portability to a particular environment or class of environments, based on the cost of porting. "
0	"Below shows how to build the standalone executable on macOS, Linux and Windows."
0	"This is a userland SCTP stack supporting FreeBSD, Linux, MacOS and Windows."
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"One approach to the problem of portable software is the design of a universal, hypothetical computer and the implementation of a simulator of the hypothetical computer on the actual machines under consideration."
0	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web."
0	"A compiled Win32 portable version of Ncat."
0	"But not all processors enforce scatar data items aligned at memory addresses that are even multiples of their own size, to the chagrin of nonportable software."
0	"Make existing (production) applications portable with minimal disruption"
0	"It supports the following platforms: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS."
0	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine."
0	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product"."
0	"When considering a port to entirely different operating systems these issues become much larger. "
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"GTK is a multi-platform toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces. "
0	"We are establishing a common framework, including data models and protocols, to enable direct transfer of data both into and out of participating online service providers. "
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"There are both costs and benefits associated with developing software in a portable manner. These costs and benefits take a variety of forms."
0	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform."
0	"A workshop for learning how to test JavaScript applications. "
0	"Enzyme is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output. You can also manipulate, traverse, and in some ways simulate runtime given the output."
0	"Many of these samples use the AndroidX Test Library."
0	"Maintainability means fixing, updating, servicing and to modify the system or update the software for performance improvements or for the correction of faults. "
0	"Most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made in either a program's source code or its design, or in components and operating systems used by such programs. "
0	"Your code will be easier to change, unit test and reuse in other contexts."
0	"v0.3.3 - Bug fixes regarding output and error handling."
0	"Robust principal component analysis."
0	"Easy upgrade paths"
0	"Supports manual control procedures eg control reports."
0	"It is used to increase the lifetime of the software. "
0	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs."
0	"Checking that system responds correctly to all kinds of inputs."
0	"The FSCQ bug would result in fdatasync not persisting data correctly to the file system."
0	"Prism is a lightweight, robust, elegant syntax highlighting library. "
0	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using pytest)."
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring and crash reporting tool for PHP apps."
0	"Software bugs are of many types. A bug is a bug no matter what. But sometimes, it is important to understand the nature, its implications and the cause to process it better."
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"Javascript error handling tool for Bugsnag. Monitor and report JavaScript bugs & errors."
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"Protection against any stray console statements causing JavaScript errors in older browsers."
0	"A Service Level Agreement with escalation procedures"
0	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior."
0	"They go to great strength to guarantee that applications still work on newer versions of their operating system, even when they have to work around bugs in the original software application."
0	"Supports your organisation, by running over your (chosen) network, database and hardware platform(s)."
0	"The Spot Bugs plugin for security audits of Java web applications and Android applications. "
0	"Always run the full test suite before a coding session, and run it again after. "
0	"Each test unit must be fully independent. "
0	"The principles of unittest are easily portable to other frameworks."
0	"A lightweight powerful flow control component enabling reliability and monitoring for microservices."
0	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise."
0	"iOS in-app bug reporting for developers and testers, with annotated screenshots and the console log."
0	"In 1999, NASA lost its Mars climate orbiter because one of the subcontractors NASA employed had used English units instead of the intended metric system, which caused the orbiter’s thrusters to work incorrectly."
0	"track down the problem, reproduce the bug, test and deploy the fix" cycle simply does not work in most large and complex production systems. "
0	"In fast-paced modern development teams, you should aim to build software that is easy to transfer between development teams and easy to adapt to other purposes. "
0	"testLoggingEvents: unit test events to be logged, separated by comma."
0	"Improvement to vulnerability descriptions."
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"They are known for keeping their software backward compatible. "
0	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability."
0	"Maintainability means fixing, updating, servicing and to modify the system or update the software for performance improvements or for the correction of faults. "
0	"A few are caused by compilers producing incorrect code. "
0	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways. "
0	"They are known for keeping their software backward compatible. "
0	"The probability of certain software to maintain the normal operation for a determined time t."
0	"A lightweight powerful flow control component enabling reliability and monitoring for microservices."
0	"Quality software is reasonably bug or defect free, delivered on time and within budget, meets requirements and/or expectations, and is maintainable."
0	"Anything that the end user needs to know in order to use the software should be made available on screen."
0	"One of the great aspects when your software goes public is that you get more feedback. "
0	"Any errors that occur while the user is interacting with the software needs to be handled in a clear and meaningful manner. If not, it is called as an Error Handling Error."
0	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior."
0	"Quality software is reasonably bug or defect free, delivered on time and within budget, meets requirements and/or expectations, and is maintainable."
0	"A unit test checks a small component in your application."
0	"Your code will be easier to change, unit test and reuse in other contexts."
0	"Testing if an element exists."
0	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"British destroyer Sheffield was sunk because the radar system wrongly identified an incoming missile as friendly!"
0	"Maintainability increases the reliability, efficiency or safety of the software. "
0	"Web based support portal eg with online fault / query submission, download fixes / product information"
0	"The probability of certain software to maintain the normal operation for a determined time t."
0	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior."
0	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways. "
0	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle. "
0	"In fast-paced modern development teams, you should aim to build software that is easy to transfer between development teams and easy to adapt to other purposes. "
0	"Help desk telephone support"
0	"Providing fixes to repair faults"
0	"Supports your organisation, by running over your (chosen) network, database and hardware platform(s)."
0	"A workshop for learning how to test JavaScript applications. "
0	"Most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made in either a program's source code or its design, or in components and operating systems used by such programs. "
0	"Javascript error handling tool for Bugsnag. Monitor and report JavaScript bugs & errors."
0	"Due to this bug, the orbiter crashed almost immediately when it arrived at Mars."
0	"It may have originally been used in hardware engineering to describe mechanical malfunctions."
0	"Robust is an Android HotFix solution with high compatibility and high stability."
0	"Hacker News client with a focus on reliability and robustness."
0	"Fixing problems may not necessarily make the software more reliable. On the contrary, new Software Reliability is an important to attribute of software quality, together with functionality, usability, performance, serviceability, capability, installability, maintainability, and documentation."
0	"Checking that system responds correctly to all kinds of inputs."
0	"Robust IO tools for loading data."
0	"Understanding software maintainability allows organizations to identify improvement areas as well as determine the value supplied by current applications or during development changes."
0	"Software testing is a process, to evaluate the functionality of a software application with an intent to find whether the developed software met the specified requirements or not and to identify the defects to ensure that the product is defect free in order to produce the quality product."
0	"Optimistically, we might think that once it has run correctly, it would do so forever!"
0	"A unit test checks a small component in your application."
0	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions."
0	"In 1999, NASA lost its Mars climate orbiter because one of the subcontractors NASA employed had used English units instead of the intended metric system, which caused the orbiter’s thrusters to work incorrectly."
0	"Approximately 75 percent of the cost is related to software maintenance. "
0	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions."
0	"Automated test-runner and Graphical User Interface with powerful features for Windows and Linux platforms."
0	"Fix a bug in prepared statements"
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"A unit test checks a small component in your application."
0	"Software usually stays in the same condition as when it was created and unless there are changes caused by hardware - like changes in the storage content or data path – we could assume software doesn’t really “break”."
0	"Most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made in either a program's source code or its design, or in components and operating systems used by such programs. "
0	"Provides backup and restore facilities for programs and data."
0	"Provides backup and restore facilities for programs and data."
0	"Support for your organisation, in your geographical location"
0	"Javascript error handling tool for Bugsnag. Monitor and report JavaScript bugs & errors."
0	"Improvement to vulnerability descriptions."
0	"Exploit Reliability Testing System is used to test reliability of hitting EIP=0x41414141. "
0	"Most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made in either a program's source code or its design, or in components and operating systems used by such programs. "
0	"Fast and robust Emacs setup."
0	"he probability to randomly drop each pose segment during training, so the network can get more robust to missing poses at inference time."
0	"The pytest framework makes it easy to write small tests, yet scales to support complex functional testing."
0	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle. "
0	"British destroyer Sheffield was sunk because the radar system wrongly identified an incoming missile as friendly!"
0	"This system is aimed at finding how much an exploit is reliable."
0	"This system is aimed at finding how much an exploit is reliable."
0	"Robust can fix bugs immediately without a reboot."
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring and crash reporting tool for PHP apps."
0	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems."
0	"You want to write maintainable tests for your Web UI."
0	"A testing unit should focus on one tiny bit of functionality and prove it correct."
0	"The pytest framework makes it easy to write small tests, yet scales to support complex functional testing."
0	"Code project corresponding to a serials of tutorial posts for android unit testing."
0	"Exploit Reliability Testing System is used to test reliability of hitting EIP=0x41414141. "
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"The control flow of a software describes what it will do next and on what condition."
0	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure, or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways."
0	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise."
0	"- Fix bug in Disruptor DSL where some consumers wouldn\'t be included in the gating sequences."
0	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems."
0	"Responding to queries / faults within the quoted time scales"
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"Javascript error handling tool for Bugsnag. Monitor and report JavaScript bugs & errors."
0	"Please join CaffeOnSpark user group for discussions and questions."
0	"In fast-paced modern development teams, you should aim to build software that is easy to transfer between development teams and easy to adapt to other purposes. "
0	"They go to great strength to guarantee that applications still work on newer versions of their operating system, even when they have to work around bugs in the original software application."
0	"Robolectric is the industry-standard unit testing framework for Android. "
0	"A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources."
0	"It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks."
0	"Each test unit must be fully independent. "
0	"To check your install, you can run all the unit tests by calling the test script in the install folder."
0	"A unit test checks a small component in your application."
0	"Note: the shortest path query was not tested for some solutions as it would have to be implemented completely on the client side."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"It is more complex to implement write-behind than it is to implement cache-aside or write-through."
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"'git diff' much more useful (compared to splitting a tarball, which is essentially a big binary blob)."
0	"Download best format available but no better than 480p"
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"While this is one of the advantages of non-relational databases the ability to cope with large and unstructured amounts of data."
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"Performance is where Java has a substantial advantage over Python."
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable."
0	"Python has a more unified support model than Java for the first time, and open source developers are focusing their efforts on the latest version of the language. I have to give Python the edge here."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"Adding a classfier to trained with conditions and constraint G works faster and better than appending conditions to images for D training."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"Performance with the Completer API is better since Python executes faster than other alternatives."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"To answer the main question: “when to use MongoDB instead of MySQL?” you need to take into account your project requirements and further goals. "
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"ArangoDB is really fast using just 464ms in AVG, no graph database comes close. "
0	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)!"
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"Compared to the ROM bootloader that esptool.py talks to, a running firmware uses more of the chip\'s pins to access the SPI flash."
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"Java and Python have many similarities. "
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"It is more complex to implement write-behind than it is to implement cache-aside or write-through."
0	"Performance with the Completer API is better since Python executes faster than other alternatives."
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"It is more complex to implement write-behind than it is to implement cache-aside or write-through."
0	"Python has a more unified support model than Java for the first time, and open source developers are focusing their efforts on the latest version of the language. I have to give Python the edge here."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable."
0	"It is more complex to implement write-behind than it is to implement cache-aside or write-through."
0	"Note: the shortest path query was not tested for some solutions as it would have to be implemented completely on the client side."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"It is faster at single document reads but couldn’t compete when it comes to aggregations or 2nd neighbors selections. "
0	"The tests show that multi-model databases can compete with single model databases. "
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)!"
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"**Please note**: This method is less efficient than `observeNetworkConnectivity(context)` method, because in default observing strategy, it opens socket connection with remote host (default is www.google.com) every two seconds with two seconds of timeout and consumes data transfer."
0	"Performance with the Completer API is better since Python executes faster than other alternatives."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"much faster as MRF loss is the slowest part of the algorithm."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"At least Neo4j and OrientDB can’t stand out in this test despite it’s a simple graph traversal. "
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"There are many implementations of sorts in the Java standard library that are much better for performance reasons."
0	"KaTeX is faster than MathJax on mobile environment, but MathJax supports more features and is much more beautiful."
0	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"According to GitHub’s annual Octoverse report, Java and Python are the second and third most popular languages for the fourth year in a row. "
0	"Compared to the ROM bootloader that esptool.py talks to, a running firmware uses more of the chip\'s pins to access the SPI flash."
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"Performance is where Java has a substantial advantage over Python."
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"There are many implementations of sorts in the Java standard library that are much better for performance reasons."
0	"much faster as MRF loss is the slowest part of the algorithm."
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB. "
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"**Please note**: This method is less efficient than `observeNetworkConnectivity(context)` method, because in default observing strategy, it opens socket connection with remote host (default is www.google.com) every two seconds with two seconds of timeout and consumes data transfer."
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"One of the fastest Python frameworks available"
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Java and Python have many similarities. "
0	"There are many implementations of sorts in the Java standard library that are much better for performance reasons."
0	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB. "
0	"Download best format available but no better than 480p"
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"These and similar large projects are supported much more actively by a larger number of contributors."
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"According to GitHub’s annual Octoverse report, Java and Python are the second and third most popular languages for the fourth year in a row. "
0	"Both languages compile to bytecode, but Python is (usually) compiled at runtime. "
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"There are many implementations of sorts in the Java standard library that are much better for performance reasons."
0	"To answer the main question: “when to use MongoDB instead of MySQL?” you need to take into account your project requirements and further goals. "
0	"Memory is our pain point when compared to other systems and it will be addressed in the next major release. "
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 Oleksii Trekhleb  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"If requested by the Licensor, You must remove any of the information required by Section 3(a)(1)(A) to the extent reasonably practicable."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"You may satisfy the conditions in Section 3(a)(1) in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share the Licensed Material."
0	"Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited to, the following: . the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate, and translate a Work, i."
0	"MIT License  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License"
0	"Additional offer from the Licensor -- Adapted Material."
0	"BSD 2-Clause License  Copyright (c) 2017, Romain Tavenard All rights reserved."
0	"Every recipient of Adapted Material from You automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights in the Adapted Material under the conditions of the Adapter's License You apply."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, and under any national implementation thereof, including any amended or successor version of such directive), and ii."
0	"You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License."
0	"You must include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, the Adapter's License You apply."
0	"However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:  (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License, and  (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files, and  (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, and  (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works, within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works, or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear."
0	"If You Share the Licensed Material (including in modified form), You must:  a. retain the following if it is supplied by the Licensor with the Licensed Material:  i. identification of the creator(s) of the Licensed Material and any others designated to receive attribution, in any reasonable manner requested by the Licensor (including by pseudonym if designated),  ii."
0	"You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License."
0	"TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE, IN NO EVENT WILL THE LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHER LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS PUBLIC LICENSE OR USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIAL, EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES."
0	"Limitation of Liability."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Disclaimer of Warranty."
0	"Because this is my personal repository, the license you receive to my code and resources is from me and not my employer (Facebook)."
0	"The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format."
0	"All rights reserved."
0	"Grant of Patent License."
0	"Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and imitations under the License."
0	"Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the Work."
0	"LICENSE Copyright 2015 The RxAndroid authors Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"All rights reserved."
0	"Read more about licence here."
0	"Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity, privacy, and/or other similar personality rights, however, to the extent possible, the Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any such rights held by the Licensor to the limited extent necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed Rights, but not otherwise."
0	""License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document."
0	"Licensed under the New BSD License."
0	"Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	"Where the Licensed Rights include Sui Generis Database Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material: . for the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(a)(1) grants You the right to extract, reuse, reproduce, and Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database for NonCommercial purposes only, . if You include all or a substantial portion of the database contents in a database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights, then the database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights (but not its individual contents) is Adapted Material, including for purposes of Section 3(b), and . You must comply with the conditions in Section 3(a) if You Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database."
0	"Limitation of Liability."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form."
0	"The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License."
0	"END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work."
0	"Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE."
0	"See the LICENSE file for more information."
0	"Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE."
0	"This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License."
0	"In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
0	"Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability."
0	""Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below)."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, which are limited to all Copyright and Similar Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the Licensor has authority to license."
0	"You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, the Licensed Material if doing so restricts exercise of the Licensed Rights by any recipient of the Licensed Material."
0	"Definitions."
0	"Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose."
0	"A Work made available under CC0 may be protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and Related Rights")."
0	"g. License Elements means the license attributes listed in the name of a Creative Commons Public License."
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work."
0	"You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License."
0	"Copy of the license."
0	"Trademarks."
0	"a notice that refers to the disclaimer of warranties,  v. a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent reasonably practicable,  b. indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and retain an indication of any previous modifications, and  c. indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, this Public License."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s), ii."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions."
0	"b. Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Material in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Public License."
0	"e. Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international agreements."
0	"You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, the Licensed Material if doing so restricts exercise of the Licensed Rights by any recipient of the Licensed Material."
0	"Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity, privacy, and/or other similar personality rights, however, to the extent possible, the Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any such rights held by the Licensor to the limited extent necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed Rights, but not otherwise."
0	"Copyright and Related Rights."
0	"Copyright and Related Rights."
0	"Copyright 2013, 2014 Engine Yard, Inc."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	""Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 刘建平(Pinard Liu)  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Lesser General Public License instead of this License."
0	"k. NonCommercial means not primarily intended for or directed towards commercial advantage or monetary compensation."
0	"Of course, your program's commands might be different, for a GUI interface, you would use an "about box"."
0	"e. Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international agreements."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	"Limitation of Liability."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution.""
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "License")."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"However, the licensing terms for GTK, the GNU LGPL, allow it to be used by all developers, including those developing proprietary software, without any license fees or royalties."
0	"Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License  By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License ("Public License")."
0	"This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version."
0	"README The Open Bank Project API ABOUT The Open Bank Project is an open source API for banks that enables account holders to interact with their bank using a wider range of applications and services."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"g. License Elements means the license attributes listed in the name of a Creative Commons Public License."
0	"You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License."
0	"The terms of the license are as follows: The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2004 Kohsuke Kawaguchi, Sun Microsystems Inc., and a number of other contributors."
0	"License MIT."
0	""License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document."
0	"## LICENCE (BSD)  Copyright (c) 2011, Muriçoca Labs  All rights reserved."
0	"You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, Adapted Material that restrict exercise of the rights granted under the Adapter's License You apply."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"Prophet is licensed under the  MIT license."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"License Copyright 2013-2018 Twitter, Inc."
0	"(Don't include the brackets!)"
0	"Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License  By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License ("Public License")."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"License Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Prophet is licensed under the  MIT license."
0	"Definitions."
0	"You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, Adapted Material that restrict exercise of the rights granted under the Adapter's License You apply."
0	"License: Stetho is MIT-licensed."
0	"The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a)."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"All rights reserved."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"You may satisfy the conditions in Section 3(a)(1) in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share the Licensed Material."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"Because this is my personal repository, the license you receive to my code and resources is from me and not my employer (Facebook)."
0	"But first, please read <http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/why-not-lgpl.html>."
0	"This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file."
0	"The Apache License)   Copyright (c) 2014-2018  Xiong Neng  and other contributors   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"),  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"However, the licensing terms for GTK, the GNU LGPL, allow it to be used by all developers, including those developing proprietary software, without any license fees or royalties."
0	"While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License."
0	""Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	"For the avoidance of doubt, where Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with its terms and conditions."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"Our code is released under MIT License (see LICENSE file for details)."
0	"See LICENSE file for more details."
0	"All components are licensed under the Apache license, version 2.0, except for pcap4j."
0	""Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types."
0	"The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format."
0	""Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner."
0	"No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned, surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver")."
0	"License Copyright 2016 Twitter, Inc."
0	"Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail."
0	"You may satisfy this condition in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share Adapted Material."
0	"Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose."
0	"Definitions."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution.""
0	"Every recipient of the Licensed Material automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights under the terms and conditions of this Public License."
0	"Limitation of Liability."
0	"The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a)."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	""Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License."
0	"While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License."
0	"END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4 supplements and does not replace Your obligations under this Public License where the Licensed Rights include other Copyright and Similar Rights."
0	"Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions."
0	"It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively state the exclusion of warranty, and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found."
0	"Directus is released under the GPLv3 license."
0	"To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own identifying information."
0	"You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License."
0	"You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:  (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License, and  (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files, and  (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, and  (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works, within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works, or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear."
0	"Copyright 2017-Present."
0	"You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, Adapted Material that restrict exercise of the rights granted under the Adapter's License You apply."
0	"Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works ("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later claims of infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any purposes, including without limitation commercial purposes."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License."
0	"All components are licensed under the Apache license, version 2.0, except for pcap4j."
0	"This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file."
0	"You must include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, the Adapter's License You apply."
0	"Shogun is distributed under [BSD 3-clause license](doc/license/LICENSE.md), with optional GPL3 components."
0	"You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License."
0	"The License Elements of this Public License are Attribution, NonCommercial, and ShareAlike."
0	"MIT License  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License"
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution.""
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions."
0	"See the LICENSE file for details."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	""Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner."
0	"Interpretation of Sections 15 and 16."
0	"Prophet is licensed under the  MIT license."
0	"Disclaimer of Warranty."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"This project is released under a permissive new BSD open source license."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:  (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License, and  (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files, and  (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, and  (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works, within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works, or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear."
0	"Grant of Patent License."
0	"For license information regarding the FFHQ dataset, please refer to the  Flickr-Faces-HQ repository ."
0	"b. Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Material in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Public License."
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Your has a corresponding meaning."
0	"g. License Elements means the license attributes listed in the name of a Creative Commons Public License."
0	"Copyright {yyyy} {name of copyright owner} Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"These can be overridden with your own custom images/icons by telling Gooey to search additional directories when initializing."
0	"Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit (CNTK), an open source deep-learning toolkit."
0	"Creates a connection with the given URI."
0	"HBase is a distributed, scalable, big data store."
0	"Built-in review tools make code review an essential part of your team’s process."
0	"Databases implemented in Python."
0	"Requests officially supports Python 2.7 & 3.4–3.7, and runs great on PyPy."
0	"Directus is an open-source suite of software that provides an instant API wrapper for SQL databases and an intuitive Admin App for non-technical users to manage that content."
0	"Very efficient backup system based on the git packfile format, providing fast incremental saves and global deduplication (among and within files, including virtual machine images). "
0	"A command line HTTP client, a user-friendly cURL replacement."
0	"Infamous note-taking app, available on many platforms."
0	"Icon management tool to organize or search your icons."
0	"It uses Django and MySQL to support Backend."
0	"GPU-Accelerated Deep Learning Library in Python."
0	"Per-Node Shared State"
0	"Binary and Legacy Protocol Support: CXF has been designed to provide a pluggable architecture that supports not only XML but also non-XML type bindings, such as JSON and CORBA, in combination with any type of transport."
0	"Collocation of Compute and Data"
0	"Theano is a Python library that allows you to define, optimize, and evaluate mathematical expressions involving multi-dimensional arrays efficiently. It can use GPUs and perform efficient symbolic differentiation."
0	"Simple, beautiful and powerful email client."
0	"GPU-Accelerated Deep Learning Library in Python."
0	"A collection of design patterns/idioms in Python."
0	"aka "Bayesian Methods for Hackers": An introduction to Bayesian methods + probabilistic programming with a computation/understanding-first, mathematics-second point of view. All in pure Python ;)  ."
0	"Breze with all the stuff."
0	"The GUI for MongoDB."
0	"Magnificent app which corrects your previous console command."
0	"Theano is a Python library that allows you to define, optimize, and evaluate mathematical expressions involving multi-dimensional arrays efficiently. It can use GPUs and perform efficient symbolic differentiation."
0	"Repository to track the progress in Natural Language Processing (NLP), including the datasets and the current state-of-the-art for the most common NLP tasks."
0	"D3 helps you bring data to life using SVG, Canvas and HTML. "
0	"Warning: This project does not have any current developer. See bellow."
0	"Directus is an open-source suite of software that provides an instant API wrapper for SQL databases and an intuitive Admin App for non-technical users to manage that content."
0	"Support for Python 2.6, 3.3 and 3.4 was dropped in gensim 1.0.0."
0	"Free and open 3D creation software."
0	"Crab is a ﬂexible, fast recommender engine for Python that integrates classic information ﬁltering recommendation algorithms in the world of scientiﬁc Python packages (numpy, scipy, matplotlib)."
0	"An open-source screen-recorder built with web technology."
0	"Python Integration with the .NET Common Language Runtime (CLR)."
0	"It enables model training, test and feature extraction directly on Hadoop datasets stored in HDFS on Hadoop clusters."
0	"Quickly create interactive prototypes of mobile, desktop, or web apps."
0	"Even assuming a mature version of pix2code able to generate GUI code with 100% accuracy for every platforms/languages in the universe, front-enders will still be needed to implement the logic, the interactive parts, the advanced graphics and animations, and all the features users love."
0	"It's fast, easy and free."
0	"All Algorithms implemented in Python."
0	"Elegant and fluent APIs in Java and Scala"
0	"SciKit-Learn Laboratory (SKLL) makes it easy to run machine learning experiments."
0	"Deep learning in Python."
0	"Python implementation of algorithms and design patterns."
0	"Python library that helps to make task execution easy, consistent and reliable."
0	"A Modern PostgreSQL client for Mac."
0	"Fault-tolerance with exactly-once processing guarantees"
0	"The Python client for Redis."
0	"A free, open-source tool for making diagrams and GUI prototyping."
0	"Fast out of the box, cache-friendly when you need it."
0	"Neurolab is a simple and powerful Neural Network Library for Python."
0	"Flask is a lightweight WSGI web application framework. It is designed to make getting started quick and easy, with the ability to scale up to complex applications. It began as a simple wrapper around Werkzeug and Jinja and has become one of the most popular Python web application frameworks."
0	"SciKit-Learn Laboratory (SKLL) makes it easy to run machine learning experiments."
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"Features - This library manages everything by itself opening and closing connections, commits, cursors..."
0	"Added validation for padding channel axis in convolution."
0	"Here are just a few of the things that pandas does well:"
0	"The extensible command-line chat client."
0	"Pytorch implementation of our method for high-resolution (e.g. 2048x1024) photorealistic video-to-video translation."
0	"A Fast, Extensible Progress Bar for Python and CLI."
0	"Fault-tolerance with exactly-once processing guarantees"
0	"Provides a system for simulating, comparing, testing, and benchmarking Spark applications and Spark itself."
0	"Lightweight Python wrapper for Vowpal Wabbit ."
0	"Machine Learning From Scratch. Bare bones NumPy implementations of machine learning models and algorithms with a focus on accessibility. Aims to cover everything from data mining to deep learning."
0	"Simple machine learning library."
0	"simple but flexible plugin system for Python."
0	"Flask offers suggestions, but doesn't enforce any dependencies or project layout. It is up to the developer to choose the tools and libraries they want to use. There are many extensions provided by the community that make adding new functionality easy."
0	"The world's simplest facial recognition api for Python and the command line."
0	"Support for Python 2.6, 3.3 and 3.4 was dropped in gensim 1.0.0."
0	"StellarGraph - Machine Learning on Graphs."
0	"Bolt Online Learning Toolbox."
0	"Image augmentation for machine learning experiments."
0	"Fix something and open a pull request."
0	"Size mutability: columns can be inserted and deleted from DataFrame and higher dimensional objects"
0	"It enables model training, test and feature extraction directly on Hadoop datasets stored in HDFS on Hadoop clusters."
0	"Time series-specific functionality: date range generation and frequency conversion, moving window statistics, moving window linear regressions, date shifting and lagging, etc."
0	"Collocation of Compute and Data"
0	"Job State Checkpointing"
0	"Oozie is an extensible, scalable and reliable system to define, manage, schedule, and execute complex Hadoop workloads via web services. More specifically, this includes:"
0	"Logging   Libraries for generating and working with logs."
0	"is a professional vector graphics editor."
0	"Simple, Pythonic remote execution and deployment."
0	"Support different types of job such as Hadoop Map-Reduce, Pipe, Streaming, Pig, Hive and custom java applications."
0	"Directus is an open-source suite of software that provides an instant API wrapper for SQL databases and an intuitive Admin App for non-technical users to manage that content."
0	"Glide supports fetching, decoding, and displaying video stills, images, and animated GIFs."
0	"XML-based declarative framework to specify a job or a complex workflow of dependent jobs."
0	"Scalaz ZIO ★ 529  - A type-safe, composable library for asynchronous and concurrent programming in Scala   SynapseGrid ★ 109 ⧗ 1  - an FRP framework for constructing reactive real-time immutable data flow systems."
0	"Hierarchical labeling of axes (possible to have multiple labels per tick)"
0	"Web Services Standards Support: CXF supports a variety of web service standards including SOAP, the Basic Profile, WSDL, WS-Addressing, WS-Policy, WS-ReliableMessaging, WS-Security, WS-SecurityPolicy, WS-SecureConversation, and WS-Trust."
0	"Binary and Legacy Protocol Support: CXF has been designed to provide a pluggable architecture that supports not only XML but also non-XML type bindings, such as JSON and CORBA, in combination with any type of transport."
0	"A Topic Modeling toolbox"
0	"Python implementation of cover trees, near-drop-in replacement for scipy.spatial.kdtree."
0	"Neural Machine Translation using sequence-to-sequence RNN with attention (OpenNMT)."
0	"Luigi is a Python module that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs. It handles dependency resolution, workflow management, visualization etc. It also comes with Hadoop support built in. ."
0	"Tokenization For sentence-level tasks (or sentence-pair) tasks, tokenization is very simple."
0	"Extensible and pluggable architecture to allow arbitrary grid programming paradigms."
0	"Code samples for my book "Neural Networks and Deep Learning"."
0	"Runs on a Raspberry Pi or a multi-datacenter cloud platform."
0	"Simple, Pythonic remote execution and deployment."
0	"Added improved input validation for group convolution."
0	"Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design."
0	"Ease of use: CXF is designed to be intuitive and easy to use. There are simple APIs to quickly build code-first services, Maven plug-ins to make tooling integration easy, JAX-WS API support, Spring 2.x XML support to make configuration a snap, and much more."
0	"See also the section on architecture and the section on creating your own components."
0	"A truly minimal Markdown editor featuring seamless live preview."
0	"Excellent support for images and embedded content."
0	"Creates a property for given relationship."
0	"Deep Learning papers reading roadmap for anyone who are eager to learn this amazing tech!."
0	"Updated CNTK's ONNX `BatchNormalization` op export/import to latest spec."
0	"[UNMAINTAINED] Automated machine learning for analytics & production."
0	"Python Extensions for Windows."
0	"Read Compiled HTML (.chm) documents on your Mac."
0	"Simple, Pythonic, text processing--Sentiment analysis, part-of-speech tagging, noun phrase extraction, translation, and more."
0	"Warning: This project does not have any current developer. See bellow."
0	"We facilitate building a music app and other amazing products."
0	"A news reader for Feedbin, Feedly, Feed Wrangler and so on."
0	"Fault-tolerance with exactly-once processing guarantees"
0	"Fault-tolerance with exactly-once processing guarantees"
0	"These can be overridden with your own custom images/icons by telling Gooey to search additional directories when initializing."
0	"Spearmint Bayesian optimization codebase."
0	"Provides a system for simulating, comparing, testing, and benchmarking Spark applications and Spark itself."
0	"Lightweight Scala Dependency Injection Library."
0	"Currently we have 12 trackers, covering web, mobile, desktop, server and IoT Collectors receive Snowplow events from trackers."
0	"D3 helps you bring data to life using SVG, Canvas and HTML. "
0	"You can build pretty much any task you want, but Luigi also comes with a toolbox of several common task templates that you use. It includes support for running Python mapreduce jobs in Hadoop, as well as Hive, and Pig, jobs. It also comes with file system abstractions for HDFS, and local files that ensures all file system operations are atomic. This is important because it means your data pipeline will not crash in a state containing partial data."
0	"Usage examples: market segmentation, social networks analysis, organize computing clusters, astronomical data analysis, image compression, etc."
0	"UI Layout without XML  Android SDK leverages XML to build UI layouts."
0	"Minimal examples of data structures and algorithms in Python."
0	"Practical mind-mapping software with free whiteboard-like layout."
0	"An experimental library for Functional Reactive Programming in Scala (reactive variables)."
0	"Airflow is a platform to programmatically author, schedule and monitor workflows."
0	"A curated list of awesome Machine Learning frameworks, libraries and software."
0	"Caffe: a fast open framework for deep learning."
0	"CaffeOnSpark is a Spark package for deep learning. It is complementary to non-deep learning libraries MLlib and Spark SQL. CaffeOnSpark's Scala API provides Spark applications with an easy mechanism to invoke deep learning (see sample) over distributed datasets."
0	"set of tools to provide lightweight pipelining in Python."
0	"Size mutability: columns can be inserted and deleted from DataFrame and higher dimensional objects"
0	"Easily export your screen into a layered PSD file."
0	"AndroidAnnotations is an Open Source framework that speeds up Android development."
0	"Hierarchical labeling of axes (possible to have multiple labels per tick)"
0	"We welcome contributions of all kinds, for details of how you can help"
0	"Per-Node Shared State"
0	"Python HTTP Requests for Humans™ ✨🍰✨."
0	"Machine Learning Prediction Server on AWS Lambda(Zappa)."
0	"AngularJS lets you write client-side web applications as if you had a smarter browser. "
0	"Free audio, video and image conversion software."
0	"A streaming-first runtime that supports both batch processing and data streaming programs"
0	"Helps you into setting up a personal IPSEC VPN in the cloud."
0	"Added support for exporting `alpha` attribute in `ELU` ONNX op."
0	"The most popular Python library for Machine Learning."
0	"Providing best-practice pipelines for fully automated high throughput sequencing analysis."
0	"Method created a new relationship for two nodes."
0	"Infamous note-taking app, available on many platforms."
0	"Zappa makes it super easy to build and deploy server-less, event-driven Python applications (including, but not limited to, WSGI web apps) on AWS Lambda + API Gateway. "
0	"Python implementation of cover trees, near-drop-in replacement for scipy.spatial.kdtree."
0	"It can be used with React, Angular o vanilla JS."
0	"A cd command that learns - easily navigate directories from the command line."
0	"Added proper initialization for ONNX TypeStrToProtoMap."
0	"Ultra fast asyncio event loop."
0	"Load Balancing"
0	"Mask R-CNN for object detection and instance segmentation on Keras and TensorFlow."
0	"An open-source NLP research library, built on PyTorch."
0	"Restricted Boltzmann Machines in Python."
0	"Compress images with PNG format and remove transparency."
0	"A library for expressive and efficient service composition"
0	"Requests officially supports Python 2.7 & 3.4–3.7, and runs great on PyPy."
0	"Updated CNTK's ONNX `BatchNormalization` op export/import to latest spec."
0	"[UNMAINTAINED] Automated machine learning for analytics & production."
0	"Multi-site and multi-language ready."
0	"(Python standard library) Logging facility for Python."
0	"Glide supports fetching, decoding, and displaying video stills, images, and animated GIFs."
0	"Miscellaneous   Useful libraries or tools that don't fit in the categories above."
0	"Free and open 3D creation software."
0	"Workflow scheduling based on frequency and/or data availability."
0	"Lightweight Python wrapper for Vowpal Wabbit ."
0	"Miscellaneous   Useful libraries or tools that don't fit in the categories above."
0	"Simple machine learning library."
0	"A Fast, Extensible Progress Bar for Python and CLI."
0	"Tokenization For sentence-level tasks (or sentence-pair) tasks, tokenization is very simple."
0	"Open-source tool to compress images."
0	"Async Python 3.6+ web server/framework | Build fast. Run fast."
0	"Implementation of Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM) and its variants in Tensorflow."
0	"Create and personalize icons from your pictures."
0	"Various helpers to pass trusted data to untrusted environments."
0	"The minimalist web API framework for building reliable, high-performance REST APIs, microservices, proxies, and app backends in Python."
0	"Easy benchmarking of all publicly accessible implementations of convnets."
0	"Flask is a lightweight WSGI web application framework. It is designed to make getting started quick and easy, with the ability to scale up to complex applications. It began as a simple wrapper around Werkzeug and Jinja and has become one of the most popular Python web application frameworks."
0	"Time series-specific functionality: date range generation and frequency conversion, moving window statistics, moving window linear regressions, date shifting and lagging, etc."
0	"Simple, beautiful and powerful email client."
0	"Tornado is a Python web framework and asynchronous networking library, originally developed at FriendFeed."
0	"Seaborn is a Python visualization library based on matplotlib. It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive statistical graphics."
0	"A command line HTTP client, a user-friendly cURL replacement."
0	"Machine learning evaluation metrics."
0	"In this paper, we show that deep learning methods can be leveraged to train a model end-to-end to automatically generate code from a single input image with over 77% of accuracy for three different platforms."
0	"Free and open 3D creation software."
0	"Automated nginx proxy for Docker containers using docker-gen."
0	"The minimalist web API framework for building reliable, high-performance REST APIs, microservices, proxies, and app backends in Python."
0	"Python programming on Microsoft Windows."
0	"Inserts values into a table by the following syntax ->  ."
0	"Intuitive merging and joining data sets"
0	"High-level API empowers Spark applications to easily conduct deep learning."
0	"A fast, scalable, high performance Gradient Boosting on Decision Trees library, used for ranking, classification, regression and other machine learning tasks for Python, R, Java, C++. Supports computation on CPU and GPU."
0	"A Python Automated Machine Learning tool that optimizes machine learning pipelines using genetic programming."
0	"Third party Google Play Music client."
0	"Drops database if it exists."
0	"Topic Modelling for Humans."
0	"If you would like to contribute code you can do so through GitHub by forking the repository and sending a pull request."
0	"A Django app which creates automatic web UIs for Python scripts."
0	"Open-source digital painting software for concept artists, digital painters, and illustrators."
0	"Powerful, flexible group by functionality to perform split-apply-combine operations on data sets, for both aggregating and transforming data"
0	"bottle.py is a fast and simple micro-framework for python web-applications."
0	"Usability first as design concept."
0	"It create actions in response to user interactions."
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"Carefully consider how you use typeface. "
0	"Usability Evaluation assitant to facilitate doing experiments with end users."
0	"Efficiency is the ability to perform the intended task with desired speed. "
0	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons."
0	"Informational Components: tooltips, icons, progress bar, notifications, message boxes, modal windows."
0	"It is the comparison of usability with technology and without technology. "
0	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product. "
0	"A usable product does not mean automatically that its interface is simple or easy to use. "
0	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout."
0	"The term intuitive is often listed as a desirable trait in usable interfaces, often used as a synonym for learnable. "
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable."
0	"Easy to use, with: full access to all system functions, subject to individual user security profile(s), straight forward system navigation, short cut keys, pull down menus, scroll backwards and forwards, tailorable menus, screens, reports, multi tasking ie multiple applications / windows open at a time, on-screen prompts and messages that are clear and helpful eg requesting input, identifying input validation errors or processing errors"
0	"Learnability: How easy is it for users to accomplish basic tasks the first time they encounter the design?"
0	"It is also important to create patterns in language, layout and design throughout the site to help facilitate efficiency. "
0	"Cognitive models can be used to improve user interfaces or predict problem errors and pitfalls during the design process. "
0	"Usability means evaluation."
0	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met. "
0	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout."
0	"Think about the defaults. By carefully thinking about and anticipating the goals people bring to your site, you can create defaults that reduce the burden on the user.  This becomes particularly important when it comes to form design where you might have an opportunity to have some fields pre-chosen or filled out."
0	"It is the comparison of usability with technology and without technology. "
0	"Colour can determine if the user should be careful or not, or if the user need to take action within the HCI, or it can also tell the user that there is nothing to worry about. Designers use color to help users use HCI's. "
0	"The term intuitive is often listed as a desirable trait in usable interfaces, often used as a synonym for learnable. "
0	"A usable product does not mean automatically that its interface is simple or easy to use. "
0	"Simplicity in its usage."
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"Usability first as design concept."
0	"Usability means thinking about how and why people use a product. "
0	"Can you easily distinguish every color in the random section of the map (the lower left)? If you have a ten-class map, you should be able to see clearly ten unique colors."
0	"Syntax Highlighting - Language specific syntax highlighting with multiple color schemes."
0	"End-users are the best source of information, though most complex products and websites have multiple user groups so it becomes even more important to get the all the facts, across the board, not only preferences but needs and wants, the full set of information helps to ensure consistency and accuracy before finalizing on a usability direction."
0	"Careful placement of items can help draw attention to the most important pieces of information and can aid scanning and readability."
0	"Usability Evaluation assitant to facilitate doing experiments with end users."
0	"Usability first as design concept."
0	"User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions. "
0	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product. "
0	"Usability first as design concept."
0	"User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions. "
0	"A user experience designer can control accessibility, user interface, information architecture and usability to suit the uncontrolled aspects like goals, user lifestyle and habits. "
0	"This process is intended to ultimately improve the quality and functionality of a design."
0	"This process is intended to ultimately improve the quality and functionality of a design."
0	"Cognitive modeling involves creating a computational model to estimate how long it takes people to perform a given task. "
0	"The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products."
0	"Cognitive models can be used to improve user interfaces or predict problem errors and pitfalls during the design process. "
0	"Usability means thinking about how and why people use a product. "
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device."
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging."
0	"Efficiency: Once users have learned the design, how quickly can they perform tasks?"
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons."
0	"Usability relies on user-feedback through evaluation rather than simply trusting the experience and expertise of the designer. Unlike conventional software acceptance testing, usability evaluation involves watching real people use a product (or prototype), and using what is learned to improve the product."
0	"Customizable UI that allows to modify the alignment of the different components."
0	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface."
0	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout."
0	"Carefully consider how you use typeface. "
0	"It is also important to create patterns in language, layout and design throughout the site to help facilitate efficiency. "
0	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface."
0	"A non-exhaustive but growing list needs to mention: Trevor Killeen, Sasank Chilamkurthy, Sergey Zagoruyko, Adam Lerer, Francisco Massa, Alykhan Tejani, Luca Antiga, Alban Desmaison, Andreas Kopf, James Bradbury, Zeming Lin, Yuandong Tian, Guillaume Lample, Marat Dukhan, Natalia Gimelshein, Christian Sarofeen, Martin Raison, Edward Yang, Zachary Devito."
0	"Take a look at the data files in the chatterbot-corpus package if you are interested in contributing."
0	"* To get it started, fork the repo, then submit a PR with the single file README-xx.md added, where xx is the language code."
0	"### How to contribute #### What to contribute?"
0	"If you have an idea for how to improve it."
0	"$ git push -u origin my-feature."
0	"We welcome community contributions to nGraph."
0	"You can also contact the community for getting answers."
0	"Take a look at the data files in the chatterbot-corpus package if you are interested in contributing."
0	"Contributions are welcome!."
0	"## Translations."
0	"We'll then review and merge it."
0	"Such changes are unlikely to get accepted."
0	"If you find any issues using SINGA, please report it to the Issue Tracker."
0	"There are tasks for contributors of all experience levels."
