Intuitive merging and joining data sets
Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data
Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations
Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets
Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,
Easy to use, with: full access to all system functions, subject to individual user security profile(s), straight forward system navigation, short cut keys, pull down menus, scroll backwards and forwards, tailorable menus, screens, reports, multi tasking ie multiple applications / windows open at a time, on-screen prompts and messages that are clear and helpful eg requesting input, identifying input validation errors or processing errors
Usability means thinking about how and why people use a product. 
The first step in creating a usable product is understanding those goals in the context of the user’s environment, task or work flow, and letting these needs inform the design.
Usability means evaluation.
Usability relies on user-feedback through evaluation rather than simply trusting the experience and expertise of the designer. Unlike conventional software acceptance testing, usability evaluation involves watching real people use a product (or prototype), and using what is learned to improve the product.
The 5 Es – efficient, effective, engaging, error tolerant and easy to learn – describe the multi-faceted characteristics of usability. Interfaces are evaluated against the combination of these characteristics which best describe the user’s requirements for success and satisfaction.
Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met. 
The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products.
A simple pain scale from 1 to 10 can quantify user feedback.
Simplicity in its usage.
Usability first as design concept.
Simple interface to facilitate user adoption.
Customizable UI that allows to modify the alignment of the different components.
Easy, automatic and powerful information display system.
Intuitive and flexible options that allows customization.
Working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive.
Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. 
In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use.
Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface.
A user experience designer can control accessibility, user interface, information architecture and usability to suit the uncontrolled aspects like goals, user lifestyle and habits. 
UX design uses the controlled aspects of technology to suit the uncontrolled.
A usable product does not mean automatically that its interface is simple or easy to use. 
Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction. 
Efficiency is the ability to perform the intended task with desired speed. 
Effectiveness measures availability and unavailability. 
It is the comparison of usability with technology and without technology. 
It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface.
Usability testing can be as simple as a free questionnaire or having a friend or colleague use your product. 
The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product. 
The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable.
Usability is human centered, collecting and understanding the full set of user preferences is better than just a handful of disparate facts. 
End-users are the best source of information, though most complex products and websites have multiple user groups so it becomes even more important to get the all the facts, across the board, not only preferences but needs and wants, the full set of information helps to ensure consistency and accuracy before finalizing on a usability direction.
Before embarking on improving a product, its usefulness has to be measured in order to ascertain its efficiency and effectiveness. 
Several parameters are essential in carrying out an assessment in order to determine where and what to improve or change to get maximum usage. 
Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device.
In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use.
A usability study may be conducted as a primary job function by a usability analyst or as a secondary job function by designers, technical writers, marketing personnel, and others.
The term intuitive is often listed as a desirable trait in usable interfaces, often used as a synonym for learnable. 
Learnability: How easy is it for users to accomplish basic tasks the first time they encounter the design?
Efficiency: Once users have learned the design, how quickly can they perform tasks?
Memorability: When users return to the design after a period of not using it, how easily can they re-establish proficiency?
Errors: How many errors do users make, how severe are these errors, and how easily can they recover from the errors?
Satisfaction: How pleasant is it to use the design?
The design team should be user-driven and it should be in direct contact with potential users. 
Several evaluation methods, including personas, cognitive modeling, inspection, inquiry, prototyping, and testing methods may contribute to understanding potential users and their perceptions of how well the product or process works. 
Usability considerations, such as who the users are and their experience with similar systems must be examined. 
Test the system early on, and test the system on real users using behavioral measurements. 
This includes testing the system for both learnability and usability. 
Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. 
This process is intended to ultimately improve the quality and functionality of a design.
Cognitive modeling involves creating a computational model to estimate how long it takes people to perform a given task. 
Models are based on psychological principles and experimental studies to determine times for cognitive processing and motor movements. 
Cognitive models can be used to improve user interfaces or predict problem errors and pitfalls during the design process. 
Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business.
Human–computer interaction (HCI) researches the design and use of computer technology, focused on the interfaces between people (users) and computers.
The task of differentiating the colors, however, becomes much harder when the patterns on the map are complex, such as in the lower left corner of the diagnostic map.
Can you easily distinguish every color in the random section of the map (the lower left)? If you have a ten-class map, you should be able to see clearly ten unique colors.
Within each large band of color on the map, we placed several polygons filled with each map color (‘outliers’).
Check that each one looks noticeably different not only from the background green (easy) but also from each other.
Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects. 
Colour can determine if the user should be careful or not, or if the user need to take action within the HCI, or it can also tell the user that there is nothing to worry about. Designers use color to help users use HCI's. 
It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. 
Input Controls: buttons, text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, dropdown lists, list boxes, toggles, date field.
Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons.
Informational Components: tooltips, icons, progress bar, notifications, message boxes, modal windows.
Containers: accordion, tables, lists and others.
User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions. 
UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture.
Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout.
Keep the interface simple. 
The best interfaces are almost invisible to the user. 
They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging.
Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. 
It is also important to create patterns in language, layout and design throughout the site to help facilitate efficiency. 
Once a user learns how to do something, they should be able to transfer that skill to other parts of the site. 
Be purposeful in page layout.
Consider the spatial relationships between items on the page and structure the page based on importance.
Careful placement of items can help draw attention to the most important pieces of information and can aid scanning and readability.
Strategically use color and texture. 
You can direct attention toward or redirect attention away from items using color, light, contrast, and texture to your advantage.
Use typography to create hierarchy and clarity. 
Carefully consider how you use typeface. 
Different sizes, fonts, and arrangement of the text to help increase scanability, legibility and readability.
Make sure that the system communicates what’s happening.  Always inform your users of location, actions, changes in state, or errors. The use of various UI elements to communicate status and, if necessary, next steps can reduce frustration for your user. 
Think about the defaults. By carefully thinking about and anticipating the goals people bring to your site, you can create defaults that reduce the burden on the user.  This becomes particularly important when it comes to form design where you might have an opportunity to have some fields pre-chosen or filled out.
Usability Evaluation assitant to facilitate doing experiments with end users.
Chrome extension to make Rietveld code review more usable.
Syntax Highlighting - Language specific syntax highlighting with multiple color schemes.
You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application.
One of the students will facilitate the test and write down the questions about UX/UI aspects of the app. 
Plugin for Redmine, which allows to improve the usability of Redmine.
You will get a lot of useful enhancements that will improve Redmine usability: ability to replace the standard preloader that blocks the entire page; ability to hide the sidebar, fast preview of photos and others.
You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application.
Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website.
Usability-As-A-Service tool for Web Applications.
It’s usually a good idea to look at the usability improvements first. 
Normally those things are easy to change or enhance and they add a great value to your product.
It create actions in response to user interactions.