category	text
1	"Portability in high-level computer programming is the usability of the same software in different environments. "
1	"The prerequirement for portability is the generalized abstraction between the application logic and system interfaces. "
1	"Portability, in relation to software, is a measure of how easily an application can be transferred from one computer environment to another. "
1	"Being able to move software from one machine platform to another.  "
1	"It refers to system software or application software that can be recompiled for a different platform or to software that is available for two or more different platforms.  "
1	"An application that can be converted from one computer environment to another. "
1	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another.  "
1	"With regards to Windows apps, such programs would not use the Registry.  "
1	"In a totally portable application, all related files would be stored in a single folder so it can be copied with one command or one drag and drop.  "
1	"The folder would likely have many subfolders, and they would all copy in the same transaction. "
1	"An application stored on a USB flash drive that can run on a computer without leaving any trace of itself when the application is finished.  "
1	"It is designed to restore all changed settings when the program is closed.  "
1	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive. "
1	"To translate software to run in a different computer environment. For example, "port the application to Unix" means make the necessary changes in the program's source code so that it can be compiled and run under the Unix operating system. "
1	"Most software developers agree that portability is a desirable attribute for their software projects. "
1	"The useful life of an application, for example, is likely to be extended, and its user base increased, if it can be migrated to various platforms over its lifetime.  "
1	"In spite of the recognized importance of portability, there is little guidance for the systematic inclusion of portability considerations in the development process. "
1	"The concept of software portability has different meanings to different people.  "
1	"According to some definitions, software is portable only if the executable files can be run on a new platform without change.  "
1	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability.  "
1	"A software unit is portable (exhibits portability) across a class of environments to the degree that the cost to transport and adapt it to a new environment in the class is less than the cost of redevelopment. "
1	"Portability is not a binary attribute.  "
1	"We consider that each software unit has a quantifiable degree of portability to a particular environment or class of environments, based on the cost of porting.  "
1	"Note that the degree of portability is not an absolute; it has meaning only with respect to a specific environment or class. "
1	"There are both costs and benefits associated with developing software in a portable manner. These costs and benefits take a variety of forms. "
1	"We distinguish two major phases of the application porting process. "
1	"Transportation and adaptation. Adaptation includes most of the modifications that need to be made to the original software, including automated retranslation.  "
1	"Transportation refers to the physical movement of the software and associated artifacts, but also includes some low level issues of data representation. "
1	"The alternative to porting software to a new environment is redeveloping it based on the original specifications. "
1	"There are many hardware and software platforms; it is not only a Windows world. "
1	"Users who move to different environments want familiar software. "
1	"But not all processors enforce scatar data items aligned at memory addresses that are even multiples of their own size, to the chagrin of nonportable software. "
1	"Portable software could simply not rely on ANSI C being widely available - GNU C was not yet mature - and it was often an agonizing tradeoff on just how much of ANSI C could be use. "
1	"Most software porters created portability macros that allowed the use of many of these features in code that could be straight K&R or ANSI. "
1	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product". "
1	"In addition, it's often simply not possible to "work around" an issue with an operating system in the same way that conditional compilation can resolve one with the compiler. "
1	"When considering a port to entirely different operating systems these issues become much larger.  "
1	"Though the ANSI C library is highly portable across all supported platforms. "
1	"Only after solving these problems many times does one start to take pre-emptive action to engineer portability in from the very start. "
1	"One approach to the problem of portable software is the design of a universal, hypothetical computer and the implementation of a simulator of the hypothetical computer on the actual machines under consideration. "
1	"The notion of software portability was confined to some research projects in universities. It has now become relevant, in some cases even vital, to the economical development of software in practice.  "
1	"Portability is a characteristic attributed to a computer program if it can be used in an operating systems other than the one in which it was created without requiring major rework.  "
1	"Porting is the task of doing any work necessary to make the computer program run in the new environment.  "
1	"In general, programs that adhere to standard program interfaces are portable.  "
1	"Ideally, such a program needs only to be compiled for the operating system to which it is being ported.  "
1	"However, programmers using standard interfaces also sometimes use operating system extensions or special capabilities that may not be present in the new operating system.  "
1	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system. "
1	"In addition to language differences, porting may also require data conversion and adaptation to new system procedures for running an application. "
1	"Portability has usually meant some work when moving an application program to another operating system.  "
1	"Recently, the Java programming language and runtime environment has made it possible to have programs that run on any operating system that supports the Java standard (from Sun Microsystems) without any porting work.  "
1	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change. "
1	"This is a port of OpenBSD's OpenSSH to most Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, OS X and Cygwin.  "
1	"Portable OpenSSH polyfills OpenBSD APIs that are not available elsewhere, adds sshd sandboxing for more operating systems and includes support for OS-native authentication and auditing. "
1	"The Data Transfer Project makes it easy for people to transfer their data between online service providers.  "
1	"We are establishing a common framework, including data models and protocols, to enable direct transfer of data both into and out of participating online service providers.  "
1	"Embeddable Javascript engine with a focus on portability and compact footprint. "
1	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C. "
1	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework. "
1	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library. "
1	"It is a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of NaCl, with a compatible API, and an extended API to improve usability even further. "
1	"Sodium is cross-platforms and cross-languages.  "
1	"It runs on a variety of compilers and operating systems, including Windows (with MinGW or Visual Studio, x86 and x86_64), iOS and Android. "
1	"Javascript and WebAssembly versions are also available and are fully supported.  "
1	"Bindings for all common programming languages are available and well-supported. "
1	"Portable Computing Language. "
1	"A portable foreign-function interface library. "
1	"Compilers for high level languages generate code that follow certain conventions.  "
1	"These conventions are necessary, in part, for separate compilation to work.  "
1	"The "calling convention" is essentially a set of assumptions made by the compiler about where function arguments will be found on entry to a function. "
1	"Portable Unix shell commands for Node.js "
1	"ShellJS is a portable (Windows/Linux/OS X) implementation of Unix shell commands on top of the Node.js API. "
1	"You can use it to eliminate your shell script's dependency on Unix while still keeping its familiar and powerful commands. "
1	"You can also install it globally so you can run it from outside Node projects - say goodbye to those gnarly Bash scripts! "
1	"Make existing (production) applications portable with minimal disruption "
1	"Provide a model for new applications so that they are portable from inception. "
1	"Advanced image processing and computer vision algorithms made as fluent extensions and built for portability. "
1	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems. "
1	"Halide is a language for fast, portable data-parallel computation. "
1	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs. "
1	"A portable logging abstraction for .NET language. "
1	"Provides a simple logging abstraction to switch between different logging implementations. There is current support for log4net, NLog, Microsoft Enterprise Library logging, Microsoft Application Insights, Microsoft Event Tracing for Windows, and Serilog. "
1	"The Apache Portable Runtime Library provides a predictable and consistent interface to underlying platform-specific implementations, with an API to which software developers may code and be assured of predictable if not identical behavior regardless of the platform on which their software is built, relieving them of the need to code special-case conditions to work around or take advantage of platform-specific deficiencies or features. "
1	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools. "
1	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms. "
1	"These include Microsoft supported platforms (Windows, Windows apps, DNX) as well as other implementations, such as Mono and Xamarin. Some APIs may be removed on certain platforms (such as AppDomains, File I/O, etc.), or refactored into other types (such as some Reflection APIs). "
1	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another. "
1	"This is a userland SCTP stack supporting FreeBSD, Linux, MacOS and Windows. "
1	"A portable SCTP userland stack. "
1	"MultiNEAT is a portable software library for performing neuroevolution, a form of machine learning that trains neural networks with a genetic algorithm. "
1	"No windows or any other operative system (MacOS or Linux) dependency. "
1	"Avoid code changes when deploying your application between Linux and Windows based systems. "
1	"A portable Cygwin environment with many options. It's very useful for "static" installations too. "
1	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control. "
1	"Noriben - Portable, Simple, Malware Analysis Sandbox. "
1	"Parallel Execution and Memory Abstraction in heterogeneous and complex systems. "
1	"PCL Storage provides a consistent, portable set of local file IO APIs for .NET, Windows Phone, Windows Store, Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, and Silverlight.  "
1	"This makes it easier to create cross-platform .NET libraries and apps. "
1	"These differing APIs make it harder to write cross-platform code.  "
1	"Traditionally, you could handle this via conditional compilation. "
1	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs). "
1	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O.  "
1	"It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others. "
1	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps.  "
1	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web. "
1	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps. "
1	"Shadowsocks-Qt5 is a native and cross-platform shadowsocks GUI client with advanced features. "
1	"Thanks to its capabilities, applications can be deployed to mobile devices (iOS, Android), the desktop (Windows, OS X), and to the browser (via the Flash plugin). "
1	"The Cross Platform Game Engine. "
1	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows. "
1	"One of the key objective is to make AES work on all the platforms with simple implementation. "
1	"Expo is a set of tools, libraries, and services that let you build native iOS and Android apps by writing JavaScript. "
1	"Supports all of the most used modern browsers: Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari. "
1	"This doesn't mean that HTML5 Boilerplate cannot be used in older browsers, just that we'll ensure compatibility with the ones mentioned above. "
1	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed. "
1	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine. "
1	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface.  "
1	"Games can be exported in one click to a number of platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, MacOS, Windows) as well as mobile (Android, iOS) and web-based (HTML5) platforms. "
1	"See the official docs for compilation instructions for every supported platform. "
1	"A multi-platform .NET UI framework "
1	"Avalonia is a WPF/UWP-inspired cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of Operating Systems such as Windows (.NET Framework, .NET Core), Linux (via Xorg), MacOS and with experimental support for Android and iOS. "
1	"Multi-platform toolkit. "
1	"GTK is a multi-platform toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces.  "
1	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature. "
1	"It supports the following platforms: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS. "
1	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform. "
1	"It helps you build your bots using similar API for multiple platforms, e.g. Messenger, LINE.  "
1	"Learn once and make writing cross-platform bots easier. "
1	"Sigil is a multi-platform EPUB ebook editor. "
1	"Multi-platform ACL generation system. "
1	"A compiled Win32 portable version of Ncat. "
1	"portable music player. "
1	"Docker toolbox portable for Windows systems. "
1	"Several built-in TTS engine wrappers: AWS Polly TTS API, eSpeak (default), eSpeak-ng, Festival, MacOS (via say), Nuance TTS API. "
1	"Installing an operating system on your Raspberry Pi. "
1	"A dynamic framework is designed to be installed in your operating system and portable to other environments. "
1	"Below shows how to build the standalone executable on macOS, Linux and Windows. "
1	"By using same codebase, you can target Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS. "
1	"Bear should be quite portable on UNIX operating systems. "
1	"Suitable for Unix and Unix-like systems (Linux, macOS, etc.). "
1	"macOS users must also run the following command for Android Studio to see this environment variable. "
1	"SquiDB is a cross-platform SQLite database layer for Android and iOS. "
1	"If you are launching Android Studio from the macOS Finder, you should also run the following two commands."
0	"Enzyme is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output. You can also manipulate, traverse, and in some ways simulate runtime given the output."
0	"Robust evasion attacks against neural network to find adversarial examples."
0	"Maintainability increases the reliability, efficiency or safety of the software. "
0	"This will give you more confidence that you did not break anything in the rest of the code."
0	"It can be an important factor affecting system reliability."
0	"Software development projects have become a challenge for both industry and academia regarding the performance evaluation of systems."
0	"Metrics for energy efficient software rely on its useful work done."
0	"Software performance testing is the practice of determining whether a given application has the capacity to perform in terms of scalability and responsiveness under a specified workload. "
0	"Power/Performance evaluation of Energy Efficient Ethernet for High Performance Computing."
0	"It can cluster millions of instances efficiently."
0	"Learning efficient convolutional networks through network slimming."
0	"Runs on industry standard hardware."
0	"Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously."
0	"Code efficiency. There are other words we can use (optimization, performance, speed), but it's all about making existing code run faster. "
0	"PWMetrics - CLI tool and lib to gather performance metrics."
0	"Fine-tuning  is inexpensive."
0	"DoctorKafka can also perform load balancing based on topic partitions\'s network usage, and makes sure that broker network usage does not exceed the defined settings."
0	"The average heap memory consumption after a minor collection."
0	"The pull parser API is provided for cases requiring extreme performance."
0	"This implementation is inspired by this technical report, which outlines a strategy for efficient DenseNets via memory sharing."
0	"Quantitative performance analysis is the foundation for computer system design and innovation. "
0	"For rest and most of the software, hardware resources are truly overabundant. "
0	"System should utilize processor capacity, disk space and memory efficiently. "
0	"Amount of connection pooling - the number of user requests that are met by pooled connections. The more requests met by connections in the pool, the better the performance will be."
0	"The average heap memory consumption after a minor collection."
0	"This avoids computational bottlenecks while loading data."
0	"The pull parser API is provided for cases requiring extreme performance."
0	"Using Complete Machine Simulation for Software Power Estimation."
0	"- LASSO - K-means using as little memory as possible."
0	"Disk time - amount of time disk is busy executing a read or write request."
0	"Scalability is the property of a system to handle a growing amount of work by adding resources to the system."
0	"The distributed nature of the Domain Name System allows it to work efficiently, serving billions of hosts on the worldwide Internet."
0	"Find the best Performance Appraisal Software for your business."
0	"Develop programming code that's compliant with the design logic and flow."
0	"Validates Spark as the most efficient data processing engine."
0	"Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously."
0	"But the timeline of innovation, particularly in open source projects, is also clear and we want our users to understand the direction of flow of innovation in our space."
0	"BCC is a toolkit for creating efficient kernel tracing and manipulation programs, and includes several useful tools and examples."
0	"Analysis of cache behaviour and software optimizations for faster on-chip network simulations."
0	"Consequently, it is orders of magnitude faster than out-of-box open source Caffe , Torch or TensorFlow on a single-node Xeon (i.e., comparable with mainstream GPU)."
0	"Process the packing in parallel to save time and energy consumption."
0	"A sampling profiler for Python programs."
0	"ECO: Efficient Convolutional Network for Online Video Understanding, European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2018."
0	"The default data parallel of PyTorch, powerd by nn.DataParallel is in-efficienct!"
0	"Analysis of cache behaviour and software optimizations for faster on-chip network simulations."
0	"The eight high performance websocket servers contain."
0	"A library to benchmark code snippets, similar to unit tests."
0	"Power dissipation has become one of the most critical factors for the continued development of both high-end and low-end computer systems."
0	"It uses the checkpointing feature, which makes this code WAY more efficient!!!"
0	"Often, disk footprint is confused with memory footprint, since both include certain overlapping areas, such program executable, libraries, etc. "
0	"Main update: Add incremental Reader, which can save 50% memory cost."
0	"They are less efficient than the implementations in the Python standard library."
0	"SpeedCurve: Monitor front-end performance."
0	"When retrieving data by row key and then by range, you get a fast and efficient access pattern due to minimal disk seeks – time series data is an excellent fit for this type of pattern."
0	"Lightning fast cluster computing — up to 100x faster than Hadoop for iterative algorithms (memory caching) and up to 10x faster than Hadoop for single-pass MapReduce jobs."
0	"They both treat (nearly) everything as objects. "
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)!"
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Both languages compile to bytecode, but Python is (usually) compiled at runtime. "
0	"Python has a more unified support model than Java for the first time, and open source developers are focusing their efforts on the latest version of the language. I have to give Python the edge here."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"Adding a classfier to trained with conditions and constraint G works faster and better than appending conditions to images for D training."
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB. "
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"MIT License  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License"
0	"This project is released under a permissive new BSD open source license."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"Copyright 2016 Combust, Inc."
0	"To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions."
0	"These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others."
0	"Copyright © 2016-2017 Philipp Emanuel Weidmann ( pew@worldwidemann.com )   Released under the terms of the  GNU General Public License, version 3."
0	"Submission of Contributions."
0	"See the GNU General Public License for more details."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver")."
0	"This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file."
0	""Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner."
0	"This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License."
0	"You may satisfy the conditions in Section 3(a)(1) in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share the Licensed Material."
0	""License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document."
0	"If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	"See the LICENSE file for more information."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Lesser General Public License instead of this License."
0	"Directus is released under the GPLv3 license."
0	"See the  LICENSE  file for details."
0	"See LICENSE file for more details."
0	"Licensed under the New BSD License."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE."
0	""Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below)."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"a copyright notice, ii."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 刘建平(Pinard Liu)  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"Patent and trademark rights are not licensed under this Public License."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	"A Work made available under CC0 may be protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and Related Rights")."
0	"All rights reserved."
0	"Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail."
0	"Section 3 -- License Conditions."
0	"If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Lesser General Public License instead of this License."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and imitations under the License."
0	"License MIT, see the LICENSE file for more information."
0	"The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a)."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"Definitions."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 Mohamed Fawzy  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and imitations under the License."
0	""Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License."
0	"Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions."
0	"Contact us for help."
0	"Sublist3r is licensed under the GNU GPL license."
0	"Every recipient of the Licensed Material automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights under the terms and conditions of this Public License."
0	"Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer."
0	"Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the Work."
0	"High performance, easy-to-use, and scalable machine learning (ML) package, including linear model (LR), factorization machines (FM), and field-aware factorization machines (FFM) for Python and CLI interface."
0	"Crab is a ﬂexible, fast recommender engine for Python that integrates classic information ﬁltering recommendation algorithms in the world of scientiﬁc Python packages (numpy, scipy, matplotlib)."
0	"Apache Flink is an open source stream processing framework with powerful stream- and batch-processing capabilities."
0	"Built-in review tools make code review an essential part of your team’s process."
0	"Mask R-CNN for object detection and instance segmentation on Keras and TensorFlow."
0	"Automated nginx proxy for Docker containers using docker-gen."
0	"CXF includes a broad feature set, but it is primarily focused on the following areas:"
0	"D3 helps you bring data to life using SVG, Canvas and HTML. "
0	"Built-in support for iterative programs (BSP) in the DataSet (batch) API"
0	"Libraries for Graph processing (batch), Machine Learning (batch), and Complex Event Processing (streaming)"
0	"youtube-dl is a command-line program to download videos from YouTube.com and a few more sites. It requires the Python interpreter, version 2.6, 2.7, or 3.2+, and it is not platform specific. It should work on your Unix box, on Windows or on macOS. It is released to the public domain, which means you can modify it, redistribute it or use it however you like."
0	"Custom memory management for efficient and robust switching between in-memory and out-of-core data processing algorithms"
0	"SciKit-Learn Laboratory (SKLL) makes it easy to run machine learning experiments."
0	"A cd command that learns - easily navigate directories from the command line."
0	"A chemical toolbox designed to speak the many languages of chemical data."
0	"CaffeOnSpark was developed by Yahoo for large-scale distributed deep learning on our Hadoop clusters in Yahoo's private cloud. It's been in use by Yahoo for image search, content classification and several other use cases."
0	"A command line HTTP client, a user-friendly cURL replacement."
0	"Collocation of Compute and Data"
0	"Glide supports fetching, decoding, and displaying video stills, images, and animated GIFs."
0	"A Comprehensive Media Tool for macOS."
0	"Scala extensions for Google Guice"
0	"Define and run multi-container applications with Docker."
0	"Oozie is an extensible, scalable and reliable system to define, manage, schedule, and execute complex Hadoop workloads via web services. More specifically, this includes:"
0	"You can also extend with new instances/instance factories."
0	"Built-in support for iterative programs (BSP) in the DataSet (batch) API"
0	"library for creating command line interfaces from absolutely any Python object."
0	"I welcome every contribution to the list; for guidelines look the contributing section."
0	"Find all the faces that appear in a picture:"
0	"Load Balancing"
0	"Theano is a Python library that allows you to define, optimize, and evaluate mathematical expressions involving multi-dimensional arrays efficiently. It can use GPUs and perform efficient symbolic differentiation."
0	"Concurrency and Parallelism   Libraries for concurrent and parallel execution."
0	"Glide supports fetching, decoding, and displaying video stills, images, and animated GIFs."
0	"Web Services Standards Support: CXF supports a variety of web service standards including SOAP, the Basic Profile, WSDL, WS-Addressing, WS-Policy, WS-ReliableMessaging, WS-Security, WS-SecurityPolicy, WS-SecureConversation, and WS-Trust."
0	"Approximate Nearest Neighbors in C++/Python optimized for memory usage and loading/saving to disk."
0	"Search issues with the "help wanted" tag."
0	"A web-based application for quick, scalable, and automated hyperparameter tuning and stacked ensembling in Python."
0	"Neural Machine Translation using sequence-to-sequence RNN with attention (OpenNMT)."
0	"PyTorch Tutorial for Deep Learning Researchers."
0	"Dash ties modern UI elements like dropdowns, sliders, and graphs directly to your analytical python code. Read our tutorial proudly crafted ❤️ by dash itself."
0	"Natural back-pressure in streaming programs"
0	"Intuitive merging and joining data sets"
0	"Luigi is a Python (2.7, 3.6, 3.7 tested) package that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs. It handles dependency resolution, workflow management, visualization, handling failures, command line integration, and much more."
0	"Authentication, authorization, and capacity-aware load throttling to allow multi-tenant software as a service."
0	"A Python Automated Machine Learning tool that optimizes machine learning pipelines using genetic programming."
0	"A Fast, Extensible Progress Bar for Python and CLI."
0	"Creates a connection with the given URI."
0	"A web-based application for quick, scalable, and automated hyperparameter tuning and stacked ensembling in Python."
0	"It implements machine learning algorithms under the Gradient Boosting framework."
0	"A command line HTTP client, a user-friendly cURL replacement."
0	"The same code runs on major distributed environment (Hadoop, SGE, MPI) and can solve problems beyond billions of examples."
0	"Scala extensions for Google Guice"
0	"Open Source Fast Scalable Machine Learning Platform."
0	"For more complicated outputs, you can pass in a custom evaluation expression to transform the things however you need."
0	"Deep Learning GPU Training System."
0	"It enables model training, test and feature extraction directly on Hadoop datasets stored in HDFS on Hadoop clusters."
0	"It supports MySQL, MS SQL Server and PostgreSQL."
0	"Informational Components: tooltips, icons, progress bar, notifications, message boxes, modal windows."
0	"Chrome extension to make Rietveld code review more usable."
0	"Usability is human centered, collecting and understanding the full set of user preferences is better than just a handful of disparate facts. "
0	"Several parameters are essential in carrying out an assessment in order to determine where and what to improve or change to get maximum usage. "
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"Customizable UI that allows to modify the alignment of the different components."
0	"Test the system early on, and test the system on real users using behavioral measurements. "
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"Before embarking on improving a product, its usefulness has to be measured in order to ascertain its efficiency and effectiveness. "
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. "
0	"Carefully consider how you use typeface. "
0	"Syntax Highlighting - Language specific syntax highlighting with multiple color schemes."
0	"Chrome extension to make Rietveld code review more usable."
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met. "
0	"Different sizes, fonts, and arrangement of the text to help increase scanability, legibility and readability."
0	"Keep the interface simple. "
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"Within each large band of color on the map, we placed several polygons filled with each map color (‘outliers’)."
0	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business."
0	"Be purposeful in page layout."
0	"Satisfaction: How pleasant is it to use the design?"
0	"Intuitive and flexible options that allows customization."
0	"Make sure that the system communicates what’s happening.  Always inform your users of location, actions, changes in state, or errors. The use of various UI elements to communicate status and, if necessary, next steps can reduce frustration for your user. "
0	"Models are based on psychological principles and experimental studies to determine times for cognitive processing and motor movements. "
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device."
0	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface."
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"The 5 Es – efficient, effective, engaging, error tolerant and easy to learn – describe the multi-faceted characteristics of usability. Interfaces are evaluated against the combination of these characteristics which best describe the user’s requirements for success and satisfaction."
0	"Easy, automatic and powerful information display system."
0	"Effectiveness measures availability and unavailability. "
0	"Make sure that the system communicates what’s happening.  Always inform your users of location, actions, changes in state, or errors. The use of various UI elements to communicate status and, if necessary, next steps can reduce frustration for your user. "
0	"Errors: How many errors do users make, how severe are these errors, and how easily can they recover from the errors?"
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product. "
0	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product. "
0	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout."
0	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface."
0	"Several parameters are essential in carrying out an assessment in order to determine where and what to improve or change to get maximum usage. "
0	"You will get a lot of useful enhancements that will improve Redmine usability: ability to replace the standard preloader that blocks the entire page; ability to hide the sidebar, fast preview of photos and others."
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"Strategically use color and texture. "
0	"Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website."
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"Think about the defaults. By carefully thinking about and anticipating the goals people bring to your site, you can create defaults that reduce the burden on the user.  This becomes particularly important when it comes to form design where you might have an opportunity to have some fields pre-chosen or filled out."
0	"It create actions in response to user interactions."
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"Effectiveness measures availability and unavailability. "
0	"Usability testing can be as simple as a free questionnaire or having a friend or colleague use your product. "
0	"Before embarking on improving a product, its usefulness has to be measured in order to ascertain its efficiency and effectiveness. "
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"Usability considerations, such as who the users are and their experience with similar systems must be examined. "
0	"Working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive."
0	"Carefully consider how you use typeface. "
0	"Can you easily distinguish every color in the random section of the map (the lower left)? If you have a ten-class map, you should be able to see clearly ten unique colors."
0	"Careful placement of items can help draw attention to the most important pieces of information and can aid scanning and readability."
0	"Once a user learns how to do something, they should be able to transfer that skill to other parts of the site. "
0	"The task of differentiating the colors, however, becomes much harder when the patterns on the map are complex, such as in the lower left corner of the diagnostic map."
0	"Support Any problem? Contact us for help."
0	"For law professionals or anyone who is willing to contribute to future version directly, please go to Anti-996-License-1.0."
0	"If you're a Python or Django developer, fork the repo and get stuck in!"
0	"Please check CONTRIBUTING for more information."
0	"You are welcome to contribute to the Steppy library."
