category	text
1	"Robust IO tools for loading data. "
1	"Is totally reliable and consistently perform the required software functions. "
1	"Provides internal system controls to ensure accuracy, integrity and completeness eg data input and accuracy checks, validation, authorisation. "
1	"Maintains full records eg to: trace any transaction item, provide a full audit trail, provide a full record of all balances and transactions. "
1	"Supports manual control procedures eg control reports. "
1	"Provides system security via multiple, configurable passwords  / levels of security. "
1	"Provides backup and restore facilities for programs and data. "
1	"Supports your organisation, by running over your (chosen) network, database and hardware platform(s). "
1	"A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources. "
1	"A lightweight powerful flow control component enabling reliability and monitoring for microservices. "
1	"Hacker News client with a focus on reliability and robustness. "
1	"Fundamentally, it's what happens when you ask a software engineer to design an operations function. "
1	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems. "
1	"track down the problem, reproduce the bug, test and deploy the fix" cycle simply does not work in most large and complex production systems.  "
1	"The Site Reliability Workbook is the hands-on companion to the bestselling Site Reliability Engineering book and uses concrete examples to show how to put SRE principles and practices to work.  "
1	"Sysadmins are then tasked with running the service and responding to events and updates as they occur. As the system grows in complexity and traffic volume, generating a corresponding increase in events and updates, the sysadmin team grows to absorb the additional work.This file is part of Exploit Reliability Testing System. "
1	"Exploit Reliability Testing System is used to test reliability of hitting EIP=0x41414141.  "
1	"This system is aimed at finding how much an exploit is reliable. "
1	"Once I started looking into the vulnerability, I realized that this vulnerability is unreliable due to the fact that there is a very small window between free and use of the freed object. "
1	"Software testing is a process, to evaluate the functionality of a software application with an intent to find whether the developed software met the specified requirements or not and to identify the defects to ensure that the product is defect free in order to produce the quality product. "
1	"Checking that system responds correctly to all kinds of inputs. "
1	"As the number of possible tests for even simple software components is practically infinite, all software testing uses some strategy to select tests that are feasible for the available time and resources. "
1	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors.  "
1	"One common source of expensive defects is requirement gaps, i.e., unrecognized requirements that result in errors of omission by the program designer. "
1	"A fundamental problem with software testing is that testing under all combinations of inputs and preconditions (initial state) is not feasible, even with a simple product. "
1	"A study conducted by NIST in 2002 reports that software bugs cost the U.S. economy $59.5 billion annually. More than a third of this cost could be avoided, if better software testing was performed. "
1	"This repository is for the Reliability Test System Grid Modernization Lab Consortium (RTS-GMLC) which is an updated version of the RTS-96 test system. "
1	"Cassandra is a distributed storage system for managing structured data while providing reliability at a massive scale. "
1	"CrashMonkey: tools for testing file-system reliability. "
1	"The FSCQ bug would result in fdatasync not persisting data correctly to the file system. "
1	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways.  "
1	"The process of finding and fixing bugs is termed "debugging" and often uses formal techniques or tools to pinpoint bugs, and since the 1950s, some computer systems have been designed to also deter, detect or auto-correct various computer bugs during operations. "
1	"Most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made in either a program's source code or its design, or in components and operating systems used by such programs.  "
1	"A few are caused by compilers producing incorrect code.  "
1	"A program that contains a large number of bugs, and/or bugs that seriously interfere with its functionality, is said to be buggy (defective).  "
1	"Bugs can trigger errors that may have ripple effects. "
1	"It may have originally been used in hardware engineering to describe mechanical malfunctions. "
1	"A collection of samples demonstrating different frameworks and techniques for automated testing. "
1	"Many of these samples use the AndroidX Test Library. "
1	"Simple and complete React DOM testing utilities that encourage good testing practices. "
1	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior. "
1	"A workshop for learning how to test JavaScript applications.  "
1	"This repository is a merger of the formerly separate Google Test and Google Mock projects. These were so closely related that it makes sense to maintain and release them together. "
1	"Automated test-runner and Graphical User Interface with powerful features for Windows and Linux platforms. "
1	"A collection of awesome penetration testing resources. "
1	"An open source network stress tool for Windows. "
1	"JavaScript Testing utilities for React. "
1	"Enzyme is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output. You can also manipulate, traverse, and in some ways simulate runtime given the output. "
1	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing.  "
1	"The pytest framework makes it easy to write small tests, yet scales to support complex functional testing. "
1	"iOS in-app bug reporting for developers and testers, with annotated screenshots and the console log. "
1	"An implementation of the simple bug prediction heuristic outlined by the Google Engineering team. "
1	"The Spot Bugs plugin for security audits of Java web applications and Android applications.  "
1	"Testing if an element exists. "
1	"Improvements and bug fixes related to the taint analysis. "
1	"Improvement to vulnerability descriptions. "
1	"Javascript error handling tool for Bugsnag. Monitor and report JavaScript bugs & errors. "
1	"This repo is used to track issues and bugs with Celeste. "
1	"Monitor and report execution errors and malfunctionings. "
1	"Bugsnag error monitoring & reporting software for rails, sinatra, rack and ruby. "
1	"It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks. "
1	"Robolectric is the industry-standard unit testing framework for Android.  "
1	"With Robolectric, your tests run in a simulated Android environment inside a JVM, without the overhead of an emulator. "
1	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
1	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests. "
1	"If you believe there is a bug, open an issue. "
1	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework. "
1	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing.  "
1	"A landing page to make finding relevant bugs easier for new Mozilla contributors. "
1	"Is an effort to help new Mozilla contributors make sense of the mass of bugs that are recommended for newcomers.  "
1	"By performing searches for aggregated components based on less granular areas of interest, smaller, more focused lists of relevant bugs can be shown, making the experience more pleasant for everybody involved. "
1	"Bugsnag error monitoring and crash reporting tool for PHP apps. "
1	"Robust is an Android HotFix solution with high compatibility and high stability. "
1	"Robust can fix bugs immediately without a reboot. "
1	"Support to fix bugs in constructors currently is under testing. "
1	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites. "
1	"Protection against any stray console statements causing JavaScript errors in older browsers. "
1	"Prism is a lightweight, robust, elegant syntax highlighting library.  "
1	"Python library for adversarial attacks and defenses (evasion, poisoning) for neural networks with multiple framework support. "
1	"The library comes with a basic set of unit tests.  "
1	"To check your install, you can run all the unit tests by calling the test script in the install folder. "
1	"Fast and robust Emacs setup. "
1	"Send error messages to the original developer if it’s third party package’s problem. "
1	"Bug report should include details (OS, Emacs version …). "
1	"Pug – robust, elegant, feature rich template engine for Node.js. "
1	"Robust principal component analysis. "
1	"Robust evasion attacks against neural network to find adversarial examples. "
1	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework. "
1	"Code project corresponding to a serials of tutorial posts for android unit testing. "
1	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions. "
1	"Evaluation of how reliably a software system will perform when functional. "
1	"The probability of certain software to maintain the normal operation for a determined time t. "
1	"It can be an important factor affecting system reliability. "
1	"Different from hardware reliability since it doesn’t age, wear out, rust, deform or crack! "
1	"Software usually stays in the same condition as when it was created and unless there are changes caused by hardware - like changes in the storage content or data path – we could assume software doesn’t really “break”. "
1	"Optimistically, we might think that once it has run correctly, it would do so forever! "
1	"British destroyer Sheffield was sunk because the radar system wrongly identified an incoming missile as friendly! "
1	"Fixing problems may not necessarily make the software more reliable. On the contrary, new Software Reliability is an important to attribute of software quality, together with functionality, usability, performance, serviceability, capability, installability, maintainability, and documentation. "
1	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise. "
1	"Many different reasons for software failure such as errors, abiguities, misinterpretation of specifications, inaqdequate testing or unexpected usages. "
1	"Full or multiple levels of software support and maintenance "
1	"A Service Level Agreement with escalation procedures "
1	"Support for your organisation, in your geographical location "
1	"Web based support portal eg with online fault / query submission, download fixes / product information "
1	"Help desk telephone support "
1	"Responding to queries / faults within the quoted time scales "
1	"Providing fixes to repair faults "
1	"Regularly (annually) releasing functional / legislative software upgrade(s) "
1	"Easy upgrade paths "
1	"Provision for Software Escrow "
1	"To test seaborn, run make test in the source directory. "
1	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using pytest). "
1	"Please join CaffeOnSpark user group for discussions and questions. "
1	"In fast-paced modern development teams, you should aim to build software that is easy to transfer between development teams and easy to adapt to other purposes.  "
1	"Software is better quality if you can adapt it to changing user requirements quickly and cost-efficiently. "
1	"Lines of code—the number of lines of code directly affects software maintainability because more code means less maintainability. "
1	"High-quality software is as concise as possible given its requirements. "
1	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability. "
1	"You want to write maintainable tests for your Web UI. "
1	"Software maintainability is defined as the degree to which an application is understood, repaired, or enhanced.  "
1	"Software maintainability is important because it is approximately 75% of the cost related to a project. "
1	"Understanding software maintainability allows organizations to identify improvement areas as well as determine the value supplied by current applications or during development changes. "
1	"Software maintainability requires more developer effort than any other phase of the development life cycle.  "
1	"A programming team will perform four types of maintenance on new deployments or enhancements: corrective, adaptive, perfective, and preventative.  "
1	"These activities will take additional time to complete if the code is not easy to manage in the first place. An application with these qualities will require increased programming effort: Poor Code Quality, Source Code Defects, Undetected Vulnerabilities, Excessive Technical Complexity, Large Systems, Poorly Documented Systems, Excessive Dead Code. "
1	"Maintainability means fixing, updating, servicing and to modify the system or update the software for performance improvements or for the correction of faults.  "
1	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs. "
1	"Software maintainability is the degree of an application to repaired or enhanced it. During the system development life cycle (SDLC) this phase requires more development effort than any other phase.  "
1	"Approximately 75 percent of the cost is related to software maintenance.  "
1	"Maintainability increases the reliability, efficiency or safety of the software.  "
1	"It is also used to make future maintenance easier.  "
1	"It is used to increase the lifetime of the software.  "
1	"Maintainability repair or replace the faulty components and make the software even better as compared to the previous condition of the software. "
1	"Quality software is reasonably bug or defect free, delivered on time and within budget, meets requirements and/or expectations, and is maintainable. "
1	"Software bugs are of many types. A bug is a bug no matter what. But sometimes, it is important to understand the nature, its implications and the cause to process it better. "
1	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure, or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways. "
1	"Software has a functionality error if something that you expect it to do is hard, awkward, confusing, or impossible. "
1	"Anything that the end user needs to know in order to use the software should be made available on screen. "
1	"Missing command errors: This happens to occur when an expected command is missing. "
1	"Syntactic error: Syntactic errors are misspelled words or grammatically incorrect sentences and are very evident while testing software GUI. "
1	"Any errors that occur while the user is interacting with the software needs to be handled in a clear and meaningful manner. If not, it is called as an Error Handling Error. "
1	"In 1999, NASA lost its Mars climate orbiter because one of the subcontractors NASA employed had used English units instead of the intended metric system, which caused the orbiter’s thrusters to work incorrectly. "
1	"Due to this bug, the orbiter crashed almost immediately when it arrived at Mars. "
1	"The control flow of a software describes what it will do next and on what condition. "
1	"An integration test checks that components in your application operate with each other. "
1	"A unit test checks a small component in your application. "
1	"If the result from sum() is incorrect, this will fail with an AssertionError and the message "Should be 6".  "
1	"In this tutorial, you will be using unittest test cases and the unittest test runner.  "
1	"The principles of unittest are easily portable to other frameworks. "
1	"A testing unit should focus on one tiny bit of functionality and prove it correct. "
1	"Each test unit must be fully independent.  "
1	"Each test must be able to run alone, and also within the test suite, regardless of the order that they are called.  "
1	"Try hard to make tests that run fast. "
1	"Always run the full test suite before a coding session, and run it again after.  "
1	"This will give you more confidence that you did not break anything in the rest of the code. "
1	"They are known for keeping their software backward compatible.  "
1	"They go to great strength to guarantee that applications still work on newer versions of their operating system, even when they have to work around bugs in the original software application. "
1	"One of the great aspects when your software goes public is that you get more feedback.  "
1	"If something is missing or not working as expected, your customers will tell you faster than you can fix or implement it.  "
1	"Some feature requests or bug reports might be surprising, something you never thought of when you developed your software. "
1	"Software maintenance in software engineering is the modification of a software product after delivery to correct faults, to improve performance or other attributes. "
1	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities.  "
1	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle.  "
1	"Its main purpose is to modify and update software application after delivery to correct faults and to improve performance.  "
1	"Software is a model of the real world. When the real world changes, the software requires alteration wherever possible.  "
1	"- Fix bug in Disruptor DSL where some consumers wouldn\'t be included in the gating sequences. "
1	"We will continue to accept bug fixes, however. "
1	"Your code will be easier to change, unit test and reuse in other contexts. "
1	"testLoggingEvents: unit test events to be logged, separated by comma. "
1	"Thanks to the administrator for coming up with a fix for an important bug. "
1	"Write a unit test to show the issue! "
1	"StorIO has unit and integration tests. "
1	"Fix a bug in prepared statements "
1	"Various bug fixes released with last version. "
1	"Furthermore, Feign makes it easy to unit test your conversions knowing this. "
1	"Recognizing these realities and deficiencies, we are placing Ribbon in maintenance mode. "
1	"If there is a compilation error before or during `mix test`, it will be shown as a test failure. "
1	"v0.3.3 - Bug fixes regarding output and error handling. "
1	"Hence why I didn't write any unit test for this case. "
1	"A bug in Xcode causes it to ignore the user selection. "
1	"Fixed bug when page is too small to scroll. "
1	"v0.0.6 - Added unit testing. "
1	"This project integrates a combination of unit tests, functional test and code analysis tools. "
1	"Fix bug of DateSupport.count error. "
1	"he probability to randomly drop each pose segment during training, so the network can get more robust to missing poses at inference time. "
1	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"A portable foreign-function interface library."
0	"You can also install it globally so you can run it from outside Node projects - say goodbye to those gnarly Bash scripts!"
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"Make existing (production) applications portable with minimal disruption"
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"According to some definitions, software is portable only if the executable files can be run on a new platform without change. "
0	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms."
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"In addition to language differences, porting may also require data conversion and adaptation to new system procedures for running an application."
0	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine."
0	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C."
0	"Recently, the Java programming language and runtime environment has made it possible to have programs that run on any operating system that supports the Java standard (from Sun Microsystems) without any porting work. "
0	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed."
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"Though the ANSI C library is highly portable across all supported platforms."
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"Multi-platform toolkit."
0	"Portability, in relation to software, is a measure of how easily an application can be transferred from one computer environment to another."
0	"Most software porters created portability macros that allowed the use of many of these features in code that could be straight K&R or ANSI."
0	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform."
0	"Being able to move software from one machine platform to another. "
0	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface. "
0	"While Kestrel is a great solution up to a certain point (simple, fast, durable, and easy to deploy), it hasn't been able to cope with Twitter's massive scale (in terms of number of tenants, QPS, operability, diversity of workloads etc.)"
0	"Make use of optimal memory and nonvolatile storage."
0	"Increase performance: When building from sources, we can leverage CPU specific optimizations."
0	"In the field of information and computer technology (ICT), saving energy has its focus set on energy."
0	"Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested."
0	"Suggested not to be higher than 8 GB (will cause issues scheduling)"
0	"Some computer scientists point out that the efficiency or performance of software is decreasing when the hardware is becoming more powerful. "
0	"Memory manager internally ensures the management of this private heap."
0	"Managing memory."
0	"Very fast: up to 2x faster than Detectron and 30% faster than mmdetection during training."
0	"Integrated web-based platform that manages the total spectrum of data needed to manage energy efficiency programs."
0	"Neural network architectures for resource constrained devices."
0	"Big Data (feed it lots of data- it's fairly efficient with resources)."
0	"A library to benchmark code snippets, similar to unit tests."
0	"Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously."
0	"It’s always desirable to find ways to train larger models while consuming less memory. "
0	"System load: 0.39 ,Memory usage: 2%, Processes: 80."
0	"Response time - time from when a user enters a request until the first character of the response is received."
0	"On the other hand, Cassovary is intended to be easy to use in a JVM-hosted environment and yet be efficient enough to scale to billions of edges."
0	"Steppy is a lightweight, open-source, Python library for fast and reproducible experimentation."
0	"Scaling vertically (up/down) means adding resources to (or removing resources from) a single node, typically involving the addition of CPUs, memory or storage to a single computer."
0	"Efficiency refers to how well the application responds and uses its resources under different conditions. "
0	"A library for expressive and efficient service composition."
0	"Buying hardware for machine learning exposes us to the risk of have an outdated machine after few months."
0	"Very fast: up to 2x faster than Detectron and 30% faster than mmdetection during training."
0	"Kestrel  Kestrel is based on Blaine Cook's "starling" simple, distributed message queue, with added features and bulletproofing, as well as the scalability offered by actors and the JVM."
0	"In my experiments checkpoint is almost 30 bigger on disk than parquet (689GB vs. 24GB). "
0	"For efficiency, only the histogram."
0	"We are working on adding code to this repository which will allow much larger effective batch sizes to be used on the GPU."
0	"Pingdom Website Speed Test."
0	"The focus of Performance Testing is checking a software program's efficiency."
0	"Efficiency testing test the amount of code and testing resources required by a program to perform a particular function."
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"To answer the main question: “when to use MongoDB instead of MySQL?” you need to take into account your project requirements and further goals. "
0	"Performance with the Completer API is better since Python executes faster than other alternatives."
0	"One of the fastest Python frameworks available"
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable."
0	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)!"
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"They both treat (nearly) everything as objects. "
0	"much faster as MRF loss is the slowest part of the algorithm."
0	"There are many implementations of sorts in the Java standard library that are much better for performance reasons."
0	"Comparing the speed, developers note that the latter one lacks speed and experience difficulties with large data volumes, so it’ll be a better choice for companies with smaller databases and looking for a more general solution. "
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"The tests show that multi-model databases can compete with single model databases. "
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"**Please note**: This method is less efficient than `observeNetworkConnectivity(context)` method, because in default observing strategy, it opens socket connection with remote host (default is www.google.com) every two seconds with two seconds of timeout and consumes data transfer."
0	"Memory is our pain point when compared to other systems and it will be addressed in the next major release. "
0	"Python has a more unified support model than Java for the first time, and open source developers are focusing their efforts on the latest version of the language. I have to give Python the edge here."
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"Memory is our pain point when compared to other systems and it will be addressed in the next major release. "
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"The debate between the two models predates both of them, and it’s a question of what’s best for you and your team."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"Download best format available but no better than 480p"
0	"While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License."
0	"For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving image."
0	"rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below, . rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a Work, i."
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be construed as permission to assert or imply that You are, or that Your use of the Licensed Material is, connected with, or sponsored, endorsed, or granted official status by, the Licensor or others designated to receive attribution as provided in Section 3(a)(1)(A)(i)."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form."
0	"In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "License")."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"Section 3 -- License Conditions."
0	"Copyright 2015 Donne Martin  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"All components are licensed under the Apache license, version 2.0, except for pcap4j."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	"License, Compatibility   This library is released under the MIT license, see LICENSE for details."
0	"UNLESS OTHERWISE SEPARATELY UNDERTAKEN BY THE LICENSOR, TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE, THE LICENSOR OFFERS THE LICENSED MATERIAL AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE LICENSED MATERIAL, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHER."
0	"Because this is my personal repository, the license you receive to my code and resources is from me and not my employer (Facebook)."
0	"You may satisfy this condition in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share Adapted Material."
0	"Because this is my personal repository, the license you receive to my code and resources is from me and not my employer (Facebook)."
0	"Grant of Patent License."
0	"The weights were originally shared under  BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License  on the  PerceptualSimilarity  repository."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"All code related to the project is and will be released under an OSI approved Free Software license."
0	"WHERE DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES ARE NOT ALLOWED IN FULL OR IN PART, THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU."
0	"Limitation of Liability."
0	"b. ShareAlike."
0	"Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights that is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material and in which the Licensed Material is translated, altered, arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in a manner requiring permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the Licensor."
0	"If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the Program, unless a warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a copy of the Program in return for a fee."
0	"Section 3 -- License Conditions."
0	"For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof."
0	"In all other cases the Licensor expressly reserves any right to collect such royalties, including when the Licensed Material is used other than for NonCommercial purposes."
0	"Trademarks."
0	"n. You means the individual or entity exercising the Licensed Rights under this Public License."
0	"c. No downstream restrictions."
0	""Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability."
0	"For the avoidance of doubt, where Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with its terms and conditions."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	"You must include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, the Adapter's License You apply."
0	"For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, which are limited to all Copyright and Similar Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the Licensor has authority to license."
0	"If requested by the Licensor, You must remove any of the information required by Section 3(a)(1)(A) to the extent reasonably practicable."
0	"This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE."
0	"rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below, . rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a Work, i."
0	"You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"j. Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this Public License."
0	"Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions."
0	"For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof."
0	""License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document."
0	"License MIT, see the LICENSE file for more information."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"e. Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international agreements."
0	"The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution.""
0	"License  Copyright (c) 2018-present, harismuneer, MahamAmjad."
0	"In addition to the conditions in Section 3(a), if You Share Adapted Material You produce, the following conditions also apply."
0	"The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format."
0	"If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>."
0	"To do so, attach the following notices to the program."
0	"{one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.}"
0	"j. Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this Public License."
0	"The network was originally shared under  Apache 2.0  license on the  TensorFlow Models  repository."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) Lutz Roeder  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License."
0	""Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files."
0	"Contact us for help."
0	""Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files."
0	""Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below)."
0	"While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License."
0	"## LICENCE (BSD)  Copyright (c) 2011, Muriçoca Labs  All rights reserved."
0	"e. Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international agreements."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2017 Srdjan Susnic  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"Interpretation of Sections 15 and 16."
0	"Your has a corresponding meaning."
0	"If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>."
0	"Intuitive merging and joining data sets"
0	"Apache Flink is an open source stream processing framework with powerful stream- and batch-processing capabilities."
0	"Built-in support for iterative programs (BSP) in the DataSet (batch) API"
0	"https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md"
0	"Scales to millions of pages and thousands of editors."
0	"A Python Automated Machine Learning tool that optimizes machine learning pipelines using genetic programming."
0	"On OS X, NumPy picks up the BLAS that comes with it automatically, so you don’t need to do anything special."
0	"Server-to-server direct communication (Ethernet or InfiniBand) achieves faster learning and eliminates scalability bottleneck."
0	"MILK: Machine Learning Toolkit."
0	"Implementations of Monoids for interesting approximation algorithms, such as Bloom filter, HyperLogLog and CountMinSketch."
0	"library for creating command line interfaces from absolutely any Python object."
0	"Note-taking app by Microsoft."
0	"Declarative statistical visualization library for Python."
0	"Usage examples: market segmentation, social networks analysis, organize computing clusters, astronomical data analysis, image compression, etc."
0	"Minimal examples of data structures and algorithms in Python."
0	"Added proper initialization for ONNX TypeStrToProtoMap."
0	"python-timbl, originally developed by Sander Canisius, is a Python extension module wrapping the full TiMBL C++ programming interface. With this module, all functionality exposed through the C++ interface is also available to Python scripts. Being able to access the API from Python greatly facilitates prototyping TiMBL-based applications."
0	"A list of awesome applications, software, tools and other materials for Linux distros. ."
0	"Fast, flexible and fun neural networks."
0	"Main Features"
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"It uses Django and MySQL to support Backend."
0	"Theano is a Python library that allows you to define, optimize, and evaluate mathematical expressions involving multi-dimensional arrays efficiently. It can use GPUs and perform efficient symbolic differentiation."
0	"Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data"
0	"Developer friendly with Markdown syntax support."
0	"Make it easy to convert ragged, differently-indexed data in other Python and NumPy data structures into DataFrame objects"
0	"What this project does  Automates the whole machine learning process, making it super easy to use for both analytics, and getting real-time predictions in production."
0	"Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing is an implementation of Hierarchical Temporal Memory (HTM), a theory of intelligence based strictly on the neuroscience of the neocortex."
0	"Curated set of transformers that make your work with steppy faster and more effective :telescope:."
0	"Distributed Task Queue (development branch)."
0	"Distributed & Persistent Redis Clone built with Scala & Akka."
0	"Best Practices on Recommendation Systems."
0	"You can change the recording area anytime during recording."
0	"A professional color matching application for your Mac."
0	"Scales to millions of pages and thousands of editors."
0	"Extending and consolidating hosts files from several well-curated sources like adaway.org, mvps.org, malwaredomainlist.com, someonewhocares.org, and potentially others.  You can optionally invoke extensions to block additional sites by category. ."
0	"Magnificent app which corrects your previous console command."
0	"Due to Google Play Developer Distribution Agreement, we can't dynamic update our apk."
0	"A fast, scalable, high performance Gradient Boosting on Decision Trees library, used for ranking, classification, regression and other machine learning tasks for Python, R, Java, C++. Supports computation on CPU and GPU."
0	"Complete control over front-end design and structure."
0	"🔥 Cogitare - A Modern, Fast, and Modular Deep Learning and Machine Learning framework for Python ."
0	"Added validation for padding channel axis in convolution."
0	"Machine learning evaluation metrics."
0	"Minimal examples of data structures and algorithms in Python."
0	"A tool for interactive prototyping."
0	"Framework agnostic REST framework based on lessons learned from Tastypie."
0	"See also the section on architecture and the section on creating your own components."
0	"Seaborn is a Python visualization library based on matplotlib. It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive statistical graphics."
0	"Easy & Flexible Alerting With ElasticSearch."
0	"Bolt Online Learning Toolbox."
0	"Style transfer, deep learning, feature transform."
0	"Best Practices on Recommendation Systems."
0	"Built-in support for iterative programs (BSP) in the DataSet (batch) API"
0	"Pytorch implementation of our method for high-resolution (e.g. 2048x1024) photorealistic video-to-video translation."
0	"Easy and comprehensive assessment of predictive power, with support for neuroimaging features."
0	"A flexible tool for creating, organizing, and sharing visualizations of live, rich data. Supports Torch and Numpy."
0	"python-timbl, originally developed by Sander Canisius, is a Python extension module wrapping the full TiMBL C++ programming interface. With this module, all functionality exposed through the C++ interface is also available to Python scripts. Being able to access the API from Python greatly facilitates prototyping TiMBL-based applications."
0	"Quickly create interactive prototypes of mobile, desktop, or web apps."
0	"OLEDB Simple and compact class library for working with the MS OLE Database."
0	"Compalex is a lightweight script to compare two database schemas."
0	"Usage examples: intrusion detection, fraud detection, system health monitoring, removing anomalous data from the dataset etc."
0	"HBase is a distributed, scalable, big data store."
0	"Making High Quality Video Encoding Accessible for Everyone."
0	"Modules: Provides implementations for many commonly used layers in vision and language domain"
0	"Flask offers suggestions, but doesn't enforce any dependencies or project layout. It is up to the developer to choose the tools and libraries they want to use. There are many extensions provided by the community that make adding new functionality easy."
0	"This package provides a library and a command-line tool named  , which makes it possible to get arbitrary-sized files and directories (or short pieces of text) from one computer to another."
0	"A tool for interactive prototyping."
0	"Define and run multi-container applications with Docker."
0	"Python Integration with the .NET Common Language Runtime (CLR)."
0	"Major overhaul to `ConvolutionTranspose` export and import."
0	"Elegant and fluent APIs in Java and Scala"
0	"Caffe: a fast open framework for deep learning."
0	"A Fast, Extensible Progress Bar for Python and CLI."
0	"Lightweight Scala Dependency Injection Library."
0	"Input Controls: buttons, text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, dropdown lists, list boxes, toggles, date field."
0	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business."
0	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface."
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects. "
0	"Normally those things are easy to change or enhance and they add a great value to your product."
0	"One of the students will facilitate the test and write down the questions about UX/UI aspects of the app. "
0	"Simplicity in its usage."
0	"Usability testing can be as simple as a free questionnaire or having a friend or colleague use your product. "
0	"It create actions in response to user interactions."
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface."
0	"Simple interface to facilitate user adoption."
0	"Informational Components: tooltips, icons, progress bar, notifications, message boxes, modal windows."
0	"Check out our contributing documentation."
0	"3."
0	"Issue Tracking Marathon uses JIRA to track issues, so please, going forward please use JIRA always."
0	"These best practices will ensure integrity, when revisions of code, or issues need to be reviewed."
0	"You can also contact the community for getting answers."
