category	text
1	"Intuitive merging and joining data sets "
1	"Easy handling of missing data (represented as NaN) in floating point as well as non-floating point data "
1	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations "
1	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets "
1	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation, "
1	"Easy to use, with: full access to all system functions, subject to individual user security profile(s), straight forward system navigation, short cut keys, pull down menus, scroll backwards and forwards, tailorable menus, screens, reports, multi tasking ie multiple applications / windows open at a time, on-screen prompts and messages that are clear and helpful eg requesting input, identifying input validation errors or processing errors "
1	"Usability means thinking about how and why people use a product.  "
1	"The first step in creating a usable product is understanding those goals in the context of the user’s environment, task or work flow, and letting these needs inform the design. "
1	"Usability means evaluation. "
1	"Usability relies on user-feedback through evaluation rather than simply trusting the experience and expertise of the designer. Unlike conventional software acceptance testing, usability evaluation involves watching real people use a product (or prototype), and using what is learned to improve the product. "
1	"The 5 Es – efficient, effective, engaging, error tolerant and easy to learn – describe the multi-faceted characteristics of usability. Interfaces are evaluated against the combination of these characteristics which best describe the user’s requirements for success and satisfaction. "
1	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met.  "
1	"The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products. "
1	"A simple pain scale from 1 to 10 can quantify user feedback. "
1	"Simplicity in its usage. "
1	"Usability first as design concept. "
1	"Simple interface to facilitate user adoption. "
1	"Customizable UI that allows to modify the alignment of the different components. "
1	"Easy, automatic and powerful information display system. "
1	"Intuitive and flexible options that allows customization. "
1	"Working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive. "
1	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device.  "
1	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use. "
1	"Usability is a controlled aspect of User Experience design that ensures the end-user doesn’t strain or encounter problems with the use of a product or website’s user interface. "
1	"A user experience designer can control accessibility, user interface, information architecture and usability to suit the uncontrolled aspects like goals, user lifestyle and habits.  "
1	"UX design uses the controlled aspects of technology to suit the uncontrolled. "
1	"A usable product does not mean automatically that its interface is simple or easy to use.  "
1	"Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction.  "
1	"Efficiency is the ability to perform the intended task with desired speed.  "
1	"Effectiveness measures availability and unavailability.  "
1	"It is the comparison of usability with technology and without technology.  "
1	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface. "
1	"Usability testing can be as simple as a free questionnaire or having a friend or colleague use your product.  "
1	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product.  "
1	"The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable. "
1	"Usability is human centered, collecting and understanding the full set of user preferences is better than just a handful of disparate facts.  "
1	"End-users are the best source of information, though most complex products and websites have multiple user groups so it becomes even more important to get the all the facts, across the board, not only preferences but needs and wants, the full set of information helps to ensure consistency and accuracy before finalizing on a usability direction. "
1	"Before embarking on improving a product, its usefulness has to be measured in order to ascertain its efficiency and effectiveness.  "
1	"Several parameters are essential in carrying out an assessment in order to determine where and what to improve or change to get maximum usage.  "
1	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. "
1	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use. "
1	"A usability study may be conducted as a primary job function by a usability analyst or as a secondary job function by designers, technical writers, marketing personnel, and others. "
1	"The term intuitive is often listed as a desirable trait in usable interfaces, often used as a synonym for learnable.  "
1	"Learnability: How easy is it for users to accomplish basic tasks the first time they encounter the design? "
1	"Efficiency: Once users have learned the design, how quickly can they perform tasks? "
1	"Memorability: When users return to the design after a period of not using it, how easily can they re-establish proficiency? "
1	"Errors: How many errors do users make, how severe are these errors, and how easily can they recover from the errors? "
1	"Satisfaction: How pleasant is it to use the design? "
1	"The design team should be user-driven and it should be in direct contact with potential users.  "
1	"Several evaluation methods, including personas, cognitive modeling, inspection, inquiry, prototyping, and testing methods may contribute to understanding potential users and their perceptions of how well the product or process works.  "
1	"Usability considerations, such as who the users are and their experience with similar systems must be examined.  "
1	"Test the system early on, and test the system on real users using behavioral measurements.  "
1	"This includes testing the system for both learnability and usability.  "
1	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made.  "
1	"This process is intended to ultimately improve the quality and functionality of a design. "
1	"Cognitive modeling involves creating a computational model to estimate how long it takes people to perform a given task.  "
1	"Models are based on psychological principles and experimental studies to determine times for cognitive processing and motor movements.  "
1	"Cognitive models can be used to improve user interfaces or predict problem errors and pitfalls during the design process.  "
1	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business. "
1	"Human–computer interaction (HCI) researches the design and use of computer technology, focused on the interfaces between people (users) and computers. "
1	"The task of differentiating the colors, however, becomes much harder when the patterns on the map are complex, such as in the lower left corner of the diagnostic map. "
1	"Can you easily distinguish every color in the random section of the map (the lower left)? If you have a ten-class map, you should be able to see clearly ten unique colors. "
1	"Within each large band of color on the map, we placed several polygons filled with each map color (‘outliers’). "
1	"Check that each one looks noticeably different not only from the background green (easy) but also from each other. "
1	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects.  "
1	"Colour can determine if the user should be careful or not, or if the user need to take action within the HCI, or it can also tell the user that there is nothing to worry about. Designers use color to help users use HCI's.  "
1	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use.  "
1	"Input Controls: buttons, text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, dropdown lists, list boxes, toggles, date field. "
1	"Navigational Components: breadcrumb, slider, search field, pagination, slider, tags, icons. "
1	"Informational Components: tooltips, icons, progress bar, notifications, message boxes, modal windows. "
1	"Containers: accordion, tables, lists and others. "
1	"User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions.  "
1	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture. "
1	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout. "
1	"Keep the interface simple.  "
1	"The best interfaces are almost invisible to the user.  "
1	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging. "
1	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly.  "
1	"It is also important to create patterns in language, layout and design throughout the site to help facilitate efficiency.  "
1	"Once a user learns how to do something, they should be able to transfer that skill to other parts of the site.  "
1	"Be purposeful in page layout. "
1	"Consider the spatial relationships between items on the page and structure the page based on importance. "
1	"Careful placement of items can help draw attention to the most important pieces of information and can aid scanning and readability. "
1	"Strategically use color and texture.  "
1	"You can direct attention toward or redirect attention away from items using color, light, contrast, and texture to your advantage. "
1	"Use typography to create hierarchy and clarity.  "
1	"Carefully consider how you use typeface.  "
1	"Different sizes, fonts, and arrangement of the text to help increase scanability, legibility and readability. "
1	"Make sure that the system communicates what’s happening.  Always inform your users of location, actions, changes in state, or errors. The use of various UI elements to communicate status and, if necessary, next steps can reduce frustration for your user.  "
1	"Think about the defaults. By carefully thinking about and anticipating the goals people bring to your site, you can create defaults that reduce the burden on the user.  This becomes particularly important when it comes to form design where you might have an opportunity to have some fields pre-chosen or filled out. "
1	"Usability Evaluation assitant to facilitate doing experiments with end users. "
1	"Chrome extension to make Rietveld code review more usable. "
1	"Syntax Highlighting - Language specific syntax highlighting with multiple color schemes. "
1	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application. "
1	"One of the students will facilitate the test and write down the questions about UX/UI aspects of the app.  "
1	"Plugin for Redmine, which allows to improve the usability of Redmine. "
1	"You will get a lot of useful enhancements that will improve Redmine usability: ability to replace the standard preloader that blocks the entire page; ability to hide the sidebar, fast preview of photos and others. "
1	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application. "
1	"Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website. "
1	"Usability-As-A-Service tool for Web Applications. "
1	"It’s usually a good idea to look at the usability improvements first.  "
1	"Normally those things are easy to change or enhance and they add a great value to your product. "
1	"It create actions in response to user interactions."
0	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms."
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"Portable software could simply not rely on ANSI C being widely available - GNU C was not yet mature - and it was often an agonizing tradeoff on just how much of ANSI C could be use."
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"We consider that each software unit has a quantifiable degree of portability to a particular environment or class of environments, based on the cost of porting. "
0	"Portable Computing Language."
0	"One of the key objective is to make AES work on all the platforms with simple implementation."
0	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface. "
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine."
0	"In addition to language differences, porting may also require data conversion and adaptation to new system procedures for running an application."
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs."
0	"Games can be exported in one click to a number of platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, MacOS, Windows) as well as mobile (Android, iOS) and web-based (HTML5) platforms."
0	"SquiDB is a cross-platform SQLite database layer for Android and iOS."
0	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs)."
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"With regards to Windows apps, such programs would not use the Registry. "
0	"Noriben - Portable, Simple, Malware Analysis Sandbox."
0	"Portability is not a binary attribute. "
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"A portable SCTP userland stack."
0	"The Cross Platform Game Engine."
0	"These differing APIs make it harder to write cross-platform code. "
0	"A portable foreign-function interface library."
0	"One common source of expensive defects is requirement gaps, i.e., unrecognized requirements that result in errors of omission by the program designer."
0	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise."
0	"Support to fix bugs in constructors currently is under testing."
0	"A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources."
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring and crash reporting tool for PHP apps."
0	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior."
0	"You want to write maintainable tests for your Web UI."
0	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions."
0	"British destroyer Sheffield was sunk because the radar system wrongly identified an incoming missile as friendly!"
0	"iOS in-app bug reporting for developers and testers, with annotated screenshots and the console log."
0	"Write a unit test to show the issue!"
0	"They go to great strength to guarantee that applications still work on newer versions of their operating system, even when they have to work around bugs in the original software application."
0	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"High-quality software is as concise as possible given its requirements."
0	"Optimistically, we might think that once it has run correctly, it would do so forever!"
0	"It is also used to make future maintenance easier. "
0	"If there is a compilation error before or during `mix test`, it will be shown as a test failure."
0	"An open source network stress tool for Windows."
0	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability."
0	"Software maintainability requires more developer effort than any other phase of the development life cycle. "
0	"Maintainability increases the reliability, efficiency or safety of the software. "
0	"Support to fix bugs in constructors currently is under testing."
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"Software testing is a process, to evaluate the functionality of a software application with an intent to find whether the developed software met the specified requirements or not and to identify the defects to ensure that the product is defect free in order to produce the quality product."
0	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites."
0	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs."
0	"Pug – robust, elegant, feature rich template engine for Node.js."
0	"They go to great strength to guarantee that applications still work on newer versions of their operating system, even when they have to work around bugs in the original software application."
0	"Each test unit must be fully independent. "
0	"Maintainability increases the reliability, efficiency or safety of the software. "
0	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior."
0	"Robust can fix bugs immediately without a reboot."
0	"Fixed bug when page is too small to scroll."
0	"Once I started looking into the vulnerability, I realized that this vulnerability is unreliable due to the fact that there is a very small window between free and use of the freed object."
0	"Always run the full test suite before a coding session, and run it again after. "
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing."
0	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests."
0	"A collection of awesome penetration testing resources."
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"It can be an important factor affecting system reliability."
0	"Optimistically, we might think that once it has run correctly, it would do so forever!"
0	"Its main purpose is to modify and update software application after delivery to correct faults and to improve performance. "
0	"This repository is a merger of the formerly separate Google Test and Google Mock projects. These were so closely related that it makes sense to maintain and release them together."
0	"This improves the experience both in terms of performance and model size."
0	"Fast Style Transfer in TensorFlow."
0	"Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate."
0	"designed for highly concurrent, low-latency workloads such as dashboards and alerting."
0	"Code efficiency is directly linked with algorithmic efficiency and the speed of runtime execution for software."
0	"List of the tools you can use to test or monitor your website or application."
0	"Support for indexing and fast querying over flexible tags for each time series/partition, just like Prometheus."
0	"Cache-Control headers and gzip support to be as fast as possible."
0	"Performance Testing is popularly called “Perf Testing” and is a subset of performance engineering."
0	"Team velocity measures how many software units a team completes in an iteration or sprint. "
0	"Average relative increase in memory consumption."
0	"If we worry about the performance only after the system is built then we are in the worst situation, we probably could not reach 90% optimal code level."
0	"This adds 15-20% of time overhead for training, but reduces feature map consumption from quadratic to linear."
0	"PWMetrics - CLI tool and lib to gather performance metrics."
0	"BCC is a toolkit for creating efficient kernel tracing and manipulation programs, and includes several useful tools and examples."
0	"A library for expressive and efficient service composition."
0	"It uses the checkpointing feature, which makes this code WAY more efficient!!!"
0	"Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate."
0	"The performance and memory consumption will also be worse than running directly."
0	"A toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications."
0	"Using Complete Machine Simulation for Software Power Estimation."
0	"Processing images can be memory intensive."
0	"Hit ratios - This has to do with the number of SQL statements that are handled by cached data instead of expensive I/O operations. This is a good place to start for solving bottlenecking issues."
0	"Identify a database test data load tool for the development/component unit test environment; this is required to ensure that the database optimizer chooses correct execution paths and to enable reinitializing and reloading the database as needed."
0	"Hit ratios - This has to do with the number of SQL statements that are handled by cached data instead of expensive I/O operations. This is a good place to start for solving bottlenecking issues."
0	"MongoDB cursors return results in groups of multiple documents. If you know the number of results you want, you can reduce the demand on network.resources by issuing the limit() method."
0	"Ensure the best speed or run time for completing the algorithm."
0	"Fast JSON parser LINQ-style queries Case classes can be used to extract values from parsed JSON Diff & merge."
0	"Scalability - Determines maximum user load the software application can handle."
0	"Tungsten suppresses virtual functions and leverages close to bare metal performance by focusing on jobs CPU and memory efficiency."
0	"During the actual performance test execution, vague terms like acceptable range, heavy load, etc. are replaced by concrete numbers. "
0	"fast search engine, custom written to deal with large volumes of e-mail on consumer hardware."
0	"Garbage collection - It has to do with returning unused memory back to the system. Garbage collection needs to be monitored for efficiency."
0	"In terms of running time checkpoint takes 1.5 times longer (10.5 min vs 7.5 min)."
0	"Offers an open-source distributed, real-time, in-memory, massively scalable system ready for analyzing massive sources of data."
0	"Determine whether their software meets speed, scalability and stability requirements."
0	"Efficient disk usage."
0	"This improves the experience both in terms of performance and model size."
0	"This implementation is inspired by this technical report, which outlines a strategy for efficient DenseNets via memory sharing."
0	"While this is one of the advantages of non-relational databases the ability to cope with large and unstructured amounts of data."
0	"ArangoDB is really fast using just 464ms in AVG, no graph database comes close. "
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"A key-value store is the basis for more complex systems such as a document store, and in some cases, a graph database."
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"**Please note**: This method is less efficient than `observeNetworkConnectivity(context)` method, because in default observing strategy, it opens socket connection with remote host (default is www.google.com) every two seconds with two seconds of timeout and consumes data transfer."
0	"Compared to the ROM bootloader that esptool.py talks to, a running firmware uses more of the chip\'s pins to access the SPI flash."
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"Adding a classfier to trained with conditions and constraint G works faster and better than appending conditions to images for D training."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"There are many implementations of sorts in the Java standard library that are much better for performance reasons."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"Memory is our pain point when compared to other systems and it will be addressed in the next major release. "
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"MIT License  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License"
0	"WHERE DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES ARE NOT ALLOWED IN FULL OR IN PART, THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU."
0	"However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability."
0	""License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document."
0	"You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License."
0	"README The Open Bank Project API ABOUT The Open Bank Project is an open source API for banks that enables account holders to interact with their bank using a wider range of applications and services."
0	"a copyright notice, ii."
0	"However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"A list of awesome applications, software, tools and other materials for Linux distros. ."
0	"See also the section on architecture and the section on creating your own components."
0	"It lets you use good old HTML (or HAML, Jade/Pug and friends!) as your template language and lets you extend HTML’s syntax to express your application’s components clearly and succinctly. "
0	"Suites of performance tests for Spark, PySpark, Spark Streaming, and MLlib."
0	"Web mining module for Python, with tools for scraping, natural language processing, machine learning, network analysis and visualization."
0	"Users can exchange images, text, video and any other digital documents."
0	"A third-party Facebook messenger for Mac."
0	"Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing is an implementation of Hierarchical Temporal Memory (HTM), a theory of intelligence based strictly on the neuroscience of the neocortex."
0	"matplotlib: plotting with Python."
0	"Topic Modelling for Humans."
0	"Added support for exporting `alpha` attribute in `ELU` ONNX op."
0	"Multi-site and multi-language ready."
0	"Major overhaul to `ConvolutionTranspose` export and import."
0	"A free, open-source, and cross-platform media player."
0	"Supports most popular databases."
0	"Distributed Evolutionary Algorithms in Python."
0	"Lightweight, Python library for fast and reproducible experimentation :microscope:."
0	"Robust IO tools for loading data from flat files (CSV and delimited), Excel files, databases, and saving/loading data from the ultrafast HDF5 format"
0	"Features - This library manages everything by itself opening and closing connections, commits, cursors..."
0	"Very efficient backup system based on the git packfile format, providing fast incremental saves and global deduplication (among and within files, including virtual machine images). "
0	"How To Contribute."
0	"You can also contact the community for getting answers."
0	"**Please carefully read this page to make the code review process go as smoothly as possible and to maximize the likelihood of your contribution being merged.**."
0	"$ git clone git@github.com:YourLogin/system-design-primer.git"
0	"Community builds run on the Scala Jenkins instance."
0	"Each language has a maintainer, who reviews changes in that language."
0	"In order to grow the community of contributors and users, and allow the maintainers to devote more time to the projects, please donate today."
0	"## Guidelines."
0	"We welcome contributions, and encourage you to get involved in the CXF community."
