category	text
1	"Efficiency testing tests the amount of resources required by a program to perform a specific function. "
1	"Efficiency can be defined as, using the resources optimally where resources could be memory, CPU, time, files, connections, databases etc. "
1	"we probably able to develop an optimal system in which 90% of the code using just 1% of CPU in peak load, but 10% of code is using 99% of CPU. "
1	"If we worry about the performance only after the system is built then we are in the worst situation, we probably could not reach 90% optimal code level. "
1	"Provides configurable automation of system and business workflow processes. "
1	"Requires data to be entered only once, with no re-keying. "
1	"Has configurable parameter / table facilities. "
1	"Provides easily configurable data import programs. "
1	"Operates quickly and efficiently, with acceptable system performance. "
1	"Enables real time and / or batch processing. "
1	"Supports the number of concurrent system users you require, at peak processing / enquiry times, with no degradation of system performance. "
1	"Supports your chosen operational set up eg whether using SaaS, running a Shared Service Centre, single or multiple sites. "
1	"Has a vendor warranty as to the software specification and performance. "
1	"Runs on industry standard hardware. "
1	"Runs with hardware independent operating system. "
1	"If a query searches multiple fields, create a compound index. Scanning an index is much faster than scanning a collection.  "
1	"Indexes also improve efficiency on queries that routinely sort on a given field. "
1	"MongoDB cursors return results in groups of multiple documents. If you know the number of results you want, you can reduce the demand on network.resources by issuing the limit() method. "
1	"When you need only a subset of fields from documents, you can achieve better performance by returning only the fields you need. "
1	"if you need to handle a large volume of data and store it as documents, MongoDB will help you to meet the challenges. "
1	"A 32 bit application, using a 32 bit version of windows, is pretty RAM efficient. "
1	"A 64 git application on a 64 bit version can be even more inefficient. "
1	"It could be more than double the RAM requirements. "
1	"One of the biggest upgrades you can make to an older computer is being sure it has enough memory (RAM) to handle the operating system and all the programs you want to run on it. "
1	"Tungsten suppresses virtual functions and leverages close to bare metal performance by focusing on jobs CPU and memory efficiency. "
1	"it comes with a tradeoff as map and filter functions perform poorer with this API. "
1	"The goal of tracking and analyzing software metrics is to determine the quality of the current product or process, improve that quality and predict the quality once the software development project is complete. "
1	"Reducing the lines of codes. "
1	"Reducing the number of bugs reported. "
1	"Increasing the number of software iterations. "
1	"Speeding up the completion of tasks. "
1	"Lead time quantifies how long it takes for ideas to be developed and delivered as software. "
1	"Cycle time describes how long it takes to change the software system and implement that change in production. "
1	"Team velocity measures how many software units a team completes in an iteration or sprint.  "
1	"Open/close rates are calculated by tracking production issues reported in a specific time period. "
1	"Production metrics attempt to measure how much work is done and determine the efficiency of software development teams. "
1	"The software metrics that use speed as a factor are important to managers who want software delivered as fast as possible. "
1	"Efficiency attempts to measure the amount of productive code contributed by a software developer. "
1	"Efficient in memory and CPU usage. "
1	"Measured in terms of time required to complete any task given to the system. "
1	"System should utilize processor capacity, disk space and memory efficiently.  "
1	"If system is using all the available resources then user will get degraded performance failing the system for efficiency.  "
1	"If system is not efficient then it can not be used in real time applications. "
1	"Use resources efficiently and lower costs. "
1	"Modeling performance of GitHub project development processes. "
1	"Modelling Optimization of Energy Efficiency in Buildings for Urban Sustainability. "
1	"Collaboratively building the future of energy efficiency. "
1	"Standard methods for calculating normalized metered energy consumption and avoided energy use. "
1	"Software performance testing is the practice of determining whether a given application has the capacity to perform in terms of scalability and responsiveness under a specified workload.  "
1	"Load testing is used to study the behavior of the application under specified loads. It also shows how an application will function when the majority of its users are logged in. "
1	"A stress test is performed to determine the upper limit of the application capacity and how the application performs when the current load exceeds the expected maximum.  "
1	"Performance Testing for Modin is built into the Jenkins build system. Perf Data from these tests are stored in S3. Use these notebooks to analyze these performance numbers. "
1	"Efficiency refers to how well the application responds and uses its resources under different conditions.  "
1	"Good software must be able to operate under high load conditions and still respond with minimal latency to avoid frustrating end users. "
1	"Simulate a heavy software load and test the software under different load conditions. "
1	"Performance Testing is defined as a type of software testing to ensure software applications will perform well under their expected workload. "
1	"The focus of Performance Testing is checking a software program's efficiency. "
1	"Speed - Determines whether the application responds quickly. "
1	"Scalability - Determines maximum user load the software application can handle. "
1	"Stability - Determines if the application is stable under varying loads. "
1	"Performance Testing is popularly called “Perf Testing” and is a subset of performance engineering. "
1	"Determine whether their software meets speed, scalability and stability requirements. "
1	"Load time is normally the initial time it takes an application to start.  "
1	"Response time is the time it takes from when a user inputs data into the application until the application outputs a response to that input. "
1	"A software product suffers from poor scalability when it cannot handle the expected number of users or when it does not accommodate a wide enough range of users.  "
1	"Bottlenecks are obstructions in a system which degrade overall system performance. Bottlenecking is when either coding errors or hardware issues cause a decrease of throughput under certain loads.  "
1	"Improved usage of CPU utilization to improve efficiency. "
1	"Reduced memory utilization to increase performance. "
1	"Highly performant network utilization. "
1	"Due to Operating System limitations. "
1	"Efficient disk usage. "
1	"Processor Usage - an amount of time processor spends executing non-idle threads. "
1	"Memory use - amount of physical memory available to processes on a computer. "
1	"Disk time - amount of time disk is busy executing a read or write request. "
1	"Bandwidth - shows the bits per second used by a network interface. "
1	"Private bytes - number of bytes a process has allocated that can't be shared amongst other processes. These are used to measure memory leaks and usage. "
1	"Committed memory - amount of virtual memory used. "
1	"Memory pages/second - number of pages written to or read from the disk in order to resolve hard page faults. Hard page faults are when code not from the current working set is called up from elsewhere and retrieved from a disk. "
1	"Page faults/second - the overall rate in which fault pages are processed by the processor. This again occurs when a process requires code from outside its working set. "
1	"CPU interrupts per second - is the avg. number of hardware interrupts a processor is receiving and processing each second. "
1	"Disk queue length - is the avg. no. of read and write requests queued for the selected disk during a sample interval. "
1	"Network output queue length - length of the output packet queue in packets. Anything more than two means a delay and bottlenecking needs to be stopped. "
1	"Network bytes total per second - rate which bytes are sent and received on the interface including framing characters. "
1	"Response time - time from when a user enters a request until the first character of the response is received. "
1	"Throughput - rate a computer or network receives requests per second. "
1	"Amount of connection pooling - the number of user requests that are met by pooled connections. The more requests met by connections in the pool, the better the performance will be. "
1	"Maximum active sessions - the maximum number of sessions that can be active at once. "
1	"Hit ratios - This has to do with the number of SQL statements that are handled by cached data instead of expensive I/O operations. This is a good place to start for solving bottlenecking issues. "
1	"Hits per second - the no. of hits on a web server during each second of a load test. "
1	"Rollback segment - the amount of data that can rollback at any point in time. "
1	"Database locks - locking of tables and databases needs to be monitored and carefully tuned. "
1	"Top waits - are monitored to determine what wait times can be cut down when dealing with the how fast data is retrieved from memory "
1	"Thread counts - An applications health can be measured by the no. of threads that are running and currently active. "
1	"Garbage collection - It has to do with returning unused memory back to the system. Garbage collection needs to be monitored for efficiency. "
1	"Verify response time is not more than 4 secs when 1000 users access the website simultaneously. "
1	"Verify response time of the Application Under Load is within an acceptable range when the network connectivity is slow "
1	"Check the maximum number of users that the application can handle before it crashes. "
1	"Check database execution time when 500 records are read/written simultaneously. "
1	"Check CPU and memory usage of the application and the database server under peak load conditions "
1	"Verify response time of the application under low, normal, moderate and heavy load conditions. "
1	"During the actual performance test execution, vague terms like acceptable range, heavy load, etc. are replaced by concrete numbers.  "
1	"Performance engineers set these numbers as per business requirements, and the technical landscape of the application. "
1	"Performance Testing is a discipline concerned with testing and reporting the current performance of a software application under various parameters. "
1	"Performance engineering is the process by which software is tested and tuned with the intent of realizing the required performance. "
1	"This process aims to optimize the most important application performance trait i.e. user experience. "
1	"How to Measure Energy-Efficiency of Software: Metrics and Measurement Results. "
1	"In the field of information and computer technology (ICT), saving energy has its focus set on energy. "
1	"efficient hardware and its operation. "
1	"Metrics for energy efficient software rely on its useful work done. "
1	"There already exist approaches for measuring software energy consumption, mostly as black box measurement. "
1	"Intends to classify the known methods of energy efficiency measurement.  "
1	"Benchmarking methods are able to measure a system as a black box and can generate a statement on how the entire system (software and hardware) performs on the whole. "
1	"Suites of performance tests for Spark, PySpark, Spark Streaming, and MLlib. "
1	"Entered the competition using NADSort, a distributed sorting program built on top of Spark, and set a new world record as the most cost-efficient way to sort 100TB of data. "
1	"Validates Spark as the most efficient data processing engine. "
1	"Code efficiency. There are other words we can use (optimization, performance, speed), but it's all about making existing code run faster.  "
1	"Whether for desktop, mobile, or web apps, in this course you'll see how to identify pain points and measure them accurately, as well as view multiple approaches to improve the performance.  "
1	"Author Simon Allardice covers everything from "quick fixes" to more complex (but more accurate) algorithms. "
1	"Using code analysis tools to measure performance. "
1	"Managing memory. "
1	"Managing disk-based and network resources. "
1	"Improves the speed of data retrieval operations on a database table at the cost of additional writes and storage space to maintain the index data structure.  "
1	"Indexes are used to quickly locate data without having to search every row in a database table every time a database table is accessed.  "
1	"Indexes can be created using one or more columns of a database table, providing the basis for both rapid random lookups and efficient access of ordered records. "
1	"The Terminal will also need to meet our goals and measures to ensure it remains fast, and efficient, and doesn't consume vast amounts of memory or power. "
1	"They are less efficient than the implementations in the Python standard library. "
1	"It is much less efficient on large lists than more advanced algorithms such as quicksort, heapsort, or merge sort. "
1	"Like quicksort, it is efficient in practice and has good average-case performance, but has poor worst-case performance. Quickselect and its variants are the selection algorithms most often used in efficient real-world implementations. "
1	"lightweight. "
1	"Weighing just about 37 KB of gzipped JS code. "
1	"Performance has been improved by working in different aspects. "
1	"Efficiently reducing impact on disk and memory. "
1	"Capable of processing even in big data scenarios. "
1	"Ready large-scale computation, "
1	"Python package providing fast, flexible, and expressive data structures. "
1	"Okay, so there still is a server - but it only has a 40 millisecond life cycle! Serverless in this case means "without any permanent infrastructure." "
1	"If you want to contribute to TensorFlow, be sure to review the contribution guidelines. This project adheres to TensorFlow's code of conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. "
1	"We use GitHub issues for tracking requests and bugs, please see TensorFlow Discuss for general questions and discussion, and please direct specific questions to Stack Overflow. "
1	"The TensorFlow project strives to abide by generally accepted best practices in open-source software development. "
1	"Set of tools to make your work with Steppy faster and more effective.  "
1	"Steppy is a lightweight, open-source, Python library for fast and reproducible experimentation. "
1	"This improves the experience both in terms of performance and model size. "
1	"Big Data (feed it lots of data- it's fairly efficient with resources). "
1	"XGBoost is an optimized distributed gradient boosting library designed to be highly efficient. "
1	"It uses the checkpointing feature, which makes this code WAY more efficient!!! "
1	"This implementation is inspired by this technical report, which outlines a strategy for efficient DenseNets via memory sharing. "
1	"This adds 15-20% of time overhead for training, but reduces feature map consumption from quadratic to linear. "
1	"efficient=True uses the memory-efficient version "
1	"Because findViewById(int) is CPU-consuming (this is why we use the ViewHolder pattern), this library use a findViewByIdEfficient(int id) into the ViewHolder class. "
1	"ECO: Efficient Convolutional Network for Online Video Understanding, European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2018. "
1	"A collection of recent methods on DNN compression and acceleration. There are mainly 5 kinds of methods for efficient DNNs. "
1	"Learning efficient convolutional networks through network slimming. "
1	"An efficient densenet using learned group convolutions. "
1	"Interleaved lowrank group convolutions for efficient deep neural networks. "
1	"Multi-scale dense networks for resource efficient image classification. "
1	"Without special optimization, the inference time is similiar across frameworks.  "
1	"The default data parallel of PyTorch, powerd by nn.DataParallel is in-efficienct! "
1	"All items in the Front-End Performance Checklist are essentials to achieve the highest performance score but you would find an indicator to help you to eventually prioritised some rules amount others. There are 3 levels of priority: "
1	"List of the tools you can use to test or monitor your website or application. "
1	"WebPagetest - Website Performance and Optimization Test. "
1	"☆ Dareboost: Website Speed Test and Website Analysis. "
1	"Treo: Page Speed Monitoring. "
1	"GTmetrix | Website Speed and Performance Optimization. "
1	"Page Speed Insights. "
1	"Pingdom Website Speed Test. "
1	"📖 Make the Web Faster | Google Developers. "
1	"Sitespeed.io - Welcome to the wonderful world of Web Performance. "
1	"Website Speed Test | Check Web Performance » Dotcom-Tools. "
1	"Website and Server Uptime Monitoring - Pingdom (Free Signup Link). "
1	"SpeedCurve: Monitor front-end performance. "
1	"PWMetrics - CLI tool and lib to gather performance metrics. "
1	"Varvy - Page speed optimization. "
1	"Checkbot browser extension - Checks for web performance best practices. "
1	"Yellow Lab Tools | Online test to help speeding up heavy web pages. "
1	"Speedrank - Web Performance Monitoring. "
1	"DebugBear - Monitor website performance and Lighthouse scores. "
1	"This repo contains benchmarks used for testing the performance of all .NET Runtimes: .NET Core, Full .NET Framework, Mono and CoreRT. "
1	"To make the perceived performance of your application faster, use an Application Shell. "
1	"but also for improving the runtime performance of our applications. "
1	"A library to benchmark code snippets, similar to unit tests. "
1	"Very fast: up to 2x faster than Detectron and 30% faster than mmdetection during training. "
1	"Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training. "
1	"Multi-GPU training and inference. "
1	"CPU support for inference: runs on CPU in inference time. See our webcam demo for an example. "
1	"Scalable fuzzing infrastructure. "
1	"Evaluated and improved learning model efficiency using R­Square, Mean Square Error and Mean Absolute Error. "
1	"There may also be a tendency to take this too far and optimise code for terseness and not readability. "
1	"Some computer scientists point out that the efficiency or performance of software is decreasing when the hardware is becoming more powerful.  "
1	"The architectural efficiency or performance optimization is mostly about the resource allocation. "
1	"Therefore,finding a method for resource allocation optimization is crucial to achieve software efficiency or performance optimization at the software architectural level.  "
1	"This thesis proposes a method which uses the response model R to analyze the relations between software performance/efficiency and resource from the software and hardware architectural perspective, hence provide a neat way for the performance or efficiency optimization.  "
1	"Key terms in software efficiency are: software, hardware, architecture, resources, optimization, efficiency, performance. "
1	"The fast pace of hardware development provides enriched hardware resources that increase the tolerance to inefficiency.  "
1	"Among all kinds of popular software on computers, there are only a few such as games which can make full use of hardware resources which are sensitive to efficiency. "
1	"For rest and most of the software, hardware resources are truly overabundant.  "
1	"Therefore, developers of less demanding software gradually lower their standard on efficiency.  "
1	"However, this will not compromise their competitiveness, but on contrary, it may even boost their competitiveness. Developing more efficient software requires better design and more optimization, hence higher costs. Moreover, the breakthrough in storage technology also significantly reduces the cost per unit memory.  "
1	"Daily software which takes 100% more memory may only result in a minor increased spend on hardware.  "
1	"Furthermore, the development of computational power ensures that inefficiency software can be as functional as efficient software with a just price of higher (but not full) CPU load. Nevertheless, neglecting software efficiency will not become an issue, because it is compensated by the still increasing hardware performance as long as the semiconductor industry does not reach its bottleneck.  "
1	"The above analysis suggests that highly efficient software would not bring obvious benefits to software vendors.  "
1	"Very efficient backup system based on the git packfile format, providing fast incremental saves and global deduplication (among and within files, including virtual machine images). "
1	"Ultra fast asyncio event loop. "
1	"Increase your computer performance, optimizing RAM usage. "
1	"Control CPU and RAM usage from your system tray. "
1	"Memory footprint refers to the amount of main memory that a program uses or references while running. "
1	"In computing, the memory footprint of a software application indicates its runtime memory requirements, while the program executes.  "
1	"This includes all sorts of active memory regions like code segment containing (mostly) program instructions (and occasionally constants), data segment (both initialized and uninitialized),heap memory, call stack, plus memory required to hold any additional data structures, such as symbol tables, debugging data structures, open files, shared libraries mapped to the current process, etc., that the program ever needs while executing and will be loaded at least once during the entire run. "
1	"Often, disk footprint is confused with memory footprint, since both include certain overlapping areas, such program executable, libraries, etc.  "
1	"Disk footprint (or storage footprint) of a software application refers to its sizing information when it's in an inactive state, or in other words, when it's not executing but stored on a secondary media or downloaded over a network connection.  "
1	"In software engineering, a bottleneck occurs when the capacity of an application or a computer system is severely limited by a single component, like the neck of a bottle slowing down the overall water flow.  "
1	"The bottleneck has lowest throughput of all parts of the transaction path. "
1	"Performance engineering encompasses the techniques applied during a systems development life cycle to ensure the non-functional requirements for performance (such as throughput, latency, or memory usage) will be met. "
1	"Specify a profiling tool for the development/component unit test environment. "
1	"Identify a database test data load tool for the development/component unit test environment; this is required to ensure that the database optimizer chooses correct execution paths and to enable reinitializing and reloading the database as needed. "
1	"Deploy the performance tools for the development team. "
1	"Scalability is the property of a system to handle a growing amount of work by adding resources to the system. "
1	"In computing, scalability is a characteristic of computers, networks, algorithms, networking protocols, programs and applications. An example is a search engine, which must support increasing numbers of users, and the number of topics it indexes. "
1	"A routing protocol is considered scalable with respect to network size, if the size of the necessary routing table on each node grows as O(log N), where N is the number of nodes in the network. Some early peer-to-peer (P2P) implementations of Gnutella had scaling issues.  "
1	"A scalable online transaction processing system or database management system is one that can be upgraded to process more transactions by adding new processors, devices and storage, and which can be upgraded easily and transparently without shutting it down. "
1	"The distributed nature of the Domain Name System allows it to work efficiently, serving billions of hosts on the worldwide Internet. "
1	"Scaling horizontally (out/in) means adding more nodes to (or removing nodes from) a system, such as adding a new computer to a distributed software application. "
1	"High-performance computing applications such as seismic analysis and biotechnology workloads scaled horizontally to support tasks that once would have required expensive supercomputers. "
1	"Scaling vertically (up/down) means adding resources to (or removing resources from) a single node, typically involving the addition of CPUs, memory or storage to a single computer. "
1	"Larger numbers of elements increases management complexity, more sophisticated programming to allocate tasks among resources and handle issues such as throughput and latency across nodes, while some applications do not scale horizontally. "
1	"Big data is a field that treats ways to analyze, systematically extract information from, or otherwise deal with data sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data-processing application software. "
1	"Big data challenges include capturing data, data storage, data analysis, search, sharing, transfer, visualization, querying, updating, information privacy and data source.  "
1	"Big data was originally associated with three key concepts: volume, variety, and velocity. "
1	"In my experiments checkpoint is almost 30 bigger on disk than parquet (689GB vs. 24GB).  "
1	"In terms of running time checkpoint takes 1.5 times longer (10.5 min vs 7.5 min). "
1	"A cluster is called noisy if there are lots of jobs and users which compete for resources and there are not enough resources to run all the jobs simultaneously. "
1	"Code efficiency is a broad term used to depict the reliability, speed and programming methodology used in developing codes for an application. "
1	"Code efficiency is directly linked with algorithmic efficiency and the speed of runtime execution for software. "
1	"Remove unnecessary code or code that goes to redundant processing. "
1	"Make use of optimal memory and nonvolatile storage. "
1	"Ensure the best speed or run time for completing the algorithm. "
1	"Make use of reusable components wherever possible. "
1	"Make use of error and exception handling at all layers of software, such as the user interface, logic and data flow. "
1	"Create programming code that ensures data integrity and consistency. "
1	"Develop programming code that's compliant with the design logic and flow. "
1	"Make use of coding practices applicable to the related software. "
1	"Optimize the use of data access and data management practices. "
1	"For efficiency evaluation, the constructed model has been tested on real-life data and it is shown that the constructed prediction model is more efficient than all previous models. "
1	"Balancing Efficiency and Flexibility for DNN Acceleration. "
1	"Speeding up Deep Neural Networks with Adaptive Computation and Efficient Multi-Scale Architectures. "
1	"Hardware Efficiency Aware Neural Architecture Search. "
1	"The primary focus is on the exploration of energy efficient techniques and architectures for cognitive computing and machine learning, particularly for applications and systems running at the edge. "
1	"For such resource constrained environments, performance alone is never sufficient, requiring system designers to carefully balance performance with power, energy, and area. "
1	"Neural network architectures for resource constrained devices. "
1	"Load balancing and efficient task distribution techniques. "
1	"Characterization of machine learning benchmarks and workloads. "
1	"Performance profiling and synthesis of workloads. "
1	"Power, performance and area (PPA) based comparison of neural networks. "
1	"Efficient on-device learning techniques. "
1	"Security, safety and privacy challenges and building secure AI systems. "
1	"Power/Performance evaluation of Energy Efficient Ethernet for High Performance Computing. "
1	"A Tutorial on Performance Evaluation and Validation Methodology for Low-Power and Lossy Networks. "
1	"Find the best Performance Appraisal Software for your business. "
1	"Software development projects have become a challenge for both industry and academia regarding the performance evaluation of systems. "
1	"Using Complete Machine Simulation for Software Power Estimation. "
1	"Power dissipation has become one of the most critical factors for the continued development of both high-end and low-end computer systems. "
1	"The successful design and evaluation of such optimization techniques is invariably tied to a broad and accurate set of rich tools that are available for conducting these studies "
1	"Performance optimization has long been the goal of different architectural and systems software studies, driving technological innovations to the limits for getting the most out of every cycle. "
1	"Quantitative performance analysis is the foundation for computer system design and innovation.  "
1	"In their classic paper, Emer and Clark noted that a lack of detailed timing information impairs efforts to improve performance. "
1	"A computer power supply does not send data about power consumption to the motherboard, nor does it measure power consumption. "
1	"What software can I use to monitor the power consumption of all the components of my pc? "
1	"Writing sustainable, power efficient and green software necessitates understanding the power consumption behavior of a computer program. "
1	"The power consumption of the streaming media server can be obtained in real time by the virtual instrumentation software module described. "
1	"Many power consumption figures are optimistic anyway. "
1	"The MLPerf effort aims to build a common set of benchmarks that enables the machine learning (ML) field to measure system performance for both training and testing. "
1	"In this post, Lambda Labs discusses the Deep Learning performance compared with other GPUs. "
1	"Computation time and cost are critical resources in building deep models, yet many existing benchmarks focus solely on model accuracy. "
1	"There are a few high end (and expectedly heavy) laptops like Nvidia GTX 1080 (8 GB VRAM), which can train an average of ~14k examples/second. "
1	"Buying hardware for machine learning exposes us to the risk of have an outdated machine after few months. "
1	"Average GPU memory usage is quite similar. "
1	"Machine learning and deep learning hardware challenges - memory challenges in deep neural networks. "
1	"Speed up the basic building blocks of machine learning computation. "
1	"Learn more about pc-requirements, deep, learning, neural, network, toolbox, hardware-requirements, parallel, computing, cuda, gpu-requirements and others. "
1	"The most common related benchmark would be runtime complexity telling how the performance drops with increasing data or model size (e.g. linear, logarithmic, exponential). "
1	"Improve performance of the digital sinusoidal generator in memory usage optimization. "
1	"Long-term memory effects on working memory updating development. "
1	"Data Processing Framework Using Apache and Spark Technologies in Big Data. "
1	"Memory-efficient and fast implementation of local adaptive binarization methods. "
1	"Scalable Performance Prediction of Codes with Memory Hierarchy and Pipelines. "
1	"Analysis of cache behaviour and software optimizations for faster on-chip network simulations. "
1	"Integrated web-based platform that manages the total spectrum of data needed to manage energy efficiency programs. "
1	"Efficiency testing test the amount of code and testing resources required by a program to perform a particular function. "
1	"Despite rapid advances in hardware performance, cutting-edge deep learning models continue to push the limits of GPU RAM.  "
1	"It’s always desirable to find ways to train larger models while consuming less memory.  "
1	"Doing so enables us to train faster, using larger batch sizes, and consequently achieving a higher GPU utilization rate. "
1	"When we work with tiny datasets, we can get away with loading an entire dataset into GPU memory. "
1	"Process the packing in parallel to save time and energy consumption. "
1	"We can read faster when reading from contiguous locations on disk. "
1	"This avoids computational bottlenecks while loading data. "
1	"Judiciously decide whether to load entire files into RAM. "
1	"Since the training of deep neural network often involves large amounts of data, the format we choose should be both efficient and convenient. "
1	"Hardware Monitor can tell you quite a bit about CPU and GPU usage, its a small download and a small footprint in terms of system resources. "
1	"You go to Resource Monitor from Task Manager, bottom of Performance tab. "
1	"Sometimes it involves moving data between memory and registers which enable high-speed data access in the CPU. "
1	"Fix High RAM and CPU Usage of Windows 10 System. "
1	"Gorgonia is currently fairly performant - its speeds are comparable to Theano's and Tensorflow's  CPU implementations. "
1	"- LASSO - K-means using as little memory as possible. "
1	"It can cluster millions of instances efficiently. "
1	"Main update: Add incremental Reader, which can save 50% memory cost. "
1	"Fix bugs in on-disk training. "
1	"How come gensim is so fast and memory efficient? "
1	"Note that it will allocate memory for ``max(i)+1`` items. "
1	"Fine-tuning  is inexpensive. "
1	"Monitor Memory usage of Python code. "
1	"An interactive Python profiler. "
1	"A sampling profiler for Python programs. "
1	"A ptracing profiler For Python. "
1	"Visual Python profiler. "
1	"It is hard to overload the server with MaricutoDB. "
1	"A deep learning framework designed for both efficiency and flexibility. "
1	"A library for fast numerical computation. "
1	"We are working on adding code to this repository which will allow much larger effective batch sizes to be used on the GPU. "
1	"Fast R-CNN. "
1	"The guidelines are focused on relatively higher-level issues, such as interfaces, resource management, memory management, and concurrency. "
1	"witching to a more memory efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the results. "
1	"YouCompleteMe is a fast, as-you-type, fuzzy-search code completion engine for Vim . "
1	"Efficient binary serialization. "
1	"Fast json parser (According to them, competetive with java gson/jackson speed). "
1	"Scala macros for compile-time generation of ultra-fast JSON codecs. "
1	"Flexible and powerful JSON manipulation, validation and serialization, with no reflection at runtime. "
1	"Fast Style Transfer in TensorFlow. "
1	"Lightning fast cluster computing — up to 100x faster than Hadoop for iterative algorithms (memory caching) and up to 10x faster than Hadoop for single-pass MapReduce jobs. "
1	"Real Time Aggregation based on Spark Streaming. "
1	"Compositional, streaming I/O library for Scala. "
1	"fast search engine, custom written to deal with large volumes of e-mail on consumer hardware. "
1	"A toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications. "
1	"Lightning Network is a second layer protocol built on top of bitcoin to address scalability, privacy, confirmation time and many other issues. "
1	"Makes it easy to build scalable, fast and real-time web applications with Java & Scala. "
1	"Kafka is a message broker project and aims to provide a unified, high-throughput, low-latency platform for handling real-time data feeds. "
1	"The current emphasis is on speed optimizations, which are necessary to complete training of the value-network and to create feasible tree-search. "
1	"Superresolution using an efficient sub-pixel convolutional neural network. "
1	"BCC is a toolkit for creating efficient kernel tracing and manipulation programs, and includes several useful tools and examples. "
1	"Each dataset is represented by a directory containing the same image data in several resolutions to enable efficient streaming. "
1	"A Scala library that is designed from the ground up for space efficiency, handling graphs with billions of nodes and edges. "
1	"For efficiency, only the histogram. "
1	"A library for expressive and efficient service composition. "
1	"Fast Decoding in Sequence Models using Discrete Latent Variables. "
1	"Fast out of the box, cache-friendly when you need it. "
1	"A simple Python program may not cause many problems when it comes to memory, but memory utilization becomes critical on high memory consuming projects. "
1	"Python’s interpreter performs the memory management and users have no control over it.  "
1	"Memory management in Python involves a private heap that contains all Python objects and data structures. "
1	"Memory manager internally ensures the management of this private heap. "
1	"For large numbers/data crunching, you can use libraries like Numpy, which gracefully handles memory management. "
1	"When it comes to improving the execution time of your multiple-task code, you may want to utilize multiple cores in the CPU to execute several tasks simultaneously.  "
1	"It may seem intuitive to spawn several threads and let them execute concurrently. "
1	"It's often helpful to analyze your code for coverage, quality, and performance.  "
1	"Efficiently monitor traffic flows. "
1	"bup is "relatively speedy" and has "pretty good" compression. "
1	"Unfortunately, this library is in a very early stage, so at the moment there is nothing along the lines of multithreading or any form of parallel computing. "
1	"Extremely high performance. "
1	"Efficiently scale-out. "
1	"Performance Several performance tests are included. "
1	"BigDL can efficiently scale out to perform data analytics at "Big Data scale", by leveraging Apache Spark (a lightning fast distributed data processing framework), as well as efficient implementations of synchronous SGD and all-reduce communications on Spark. "
1	"Consequently, it is orders of magnitude faster than out-of-box open source Caffe , Torch or TensorFlow on a single-node Xeon (i.e., comparable with mainstream GPU). "
1	"BigDL can efficiently scale out to perform data analytics at "Big Data scale", by leveraging Apache Spark (a lightning fast distributed data processing framework), as well as efficient implementations of synchronous SGD and all-reduce communications on Spark. "
1	"Algorithm to update DOM Precise data-binding, which is faster than virtual DOM Virtual DOM differentiation, which requires manually managed attributes for complicated DOM. "
1	"Lightning-fast cluster computing with Apache Spark. "
1	"Cache-Control headers and gzip support to be as fast as possible. "
1	"While Kestrel is a great solution up to a certain point (simple, fast, durable, and easy to deploy), it hasn't been able to cope with Twitter's massive scale (in terms of number of tenants, QPS, operability, diversity of workloads etc.) "
1	"Kestrel  Kestrel is based on Blaine Cook's "starling" simple, distributed message queue, with added features and bulletproofing, as well as the scalability offered by actors and the JVM. "
1	"The High Velocity Web Framework  The Play Framework combines productivity and performance making it easy to build scalable web applications with Java and Scala. "
1	"Stores your users' behavioural data in a scalable "event data warehouse" you control: in Amazon S3 and (optionally) "
1	"Support for indexing and fast querying over flexible tags for each time series/partition, just like Prometheus. "
1	"Holds a huge amount of data in-memory thanks to columnar compression techniques. "
1	"Low-latency. "
1	"Designed for highly concurrent, low-latency workloads such as dashboards and alerting Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested ensuring efficient and fault-tolerant distribution based on data parallelism, without the intermediate disk operations required in traditional distributed approaches. "
1	"When retrieving data by row key and then by range, you get a fast and efficient access pattern due to minimal disk seeks – time series data is an excellent fit for this type of pattern. "
1	"On the other hand, Cassovary is intended to be easy to use in a JVM-hosted environment and yet be efficient enough to scale to billions of edges. "
1	"This allows complex algorithms to be run on the graph efficiently, an otherwise recurring issue with distributed graph processing systems because of the known difficulty of achieving good graph partitions. "
1	"On the flip side, the size of the graph it works with is bounded by the memory available in a machine, though the use of space efficient data structures does not seem to make this a limitation for most practical graphs. "
1	"Then using the efficient search scroll API, the entire dataset that matches your query is streamed out to subscribers. "
1	"The Eventsourced library adds scalable actor state persistence and at-least-once message delivery guarantees to Akka. "
1	"Offers an open-source distributed, real-time, in-memory, massively scalable system ready for analyzing massive sources of data. "
1	"Massively Scalable - designed to ingest many millions of entities. "
1	"Sharded across multiple processes, with distributed querying built in Prometheus PromQL Support Tag-based Indexing. "
1	"Lets you build scalable, resilient, and reactive applications that meet the needs of your business. "
1	"To scalable distributed processing, Apache Spark also allows interactive data analysis. "
1	"Rethinking Data-Intensive Science Using Scalable Analytics Systems. "
1	"That means that it’s super-performant because serialization-related code is typically generated at compile-time and inlined where it is needed in your code. "
1	"If objects are pickled in a tight loop, this import can lead to a significant performance improvement. "
1	"The pull parser API is provided for cases requiring extreme performance. "
1	"The eight high performance websocket servers contain. "
1	"high-performance metrics library. "
1	"designed for highly concurrent, low-latency workloads such as dashboards and alerting. "
1	"Real Time - data immediately available for querying once ingested. "
1	"Suggested not to be higher than 8 GB (will cause issues scheduling) "
1	"Transform with blazing fast speeds using optimized row-based transformers. "
1	"Fast JSON parser LINQ-style queries Case classes can be used to extract values from parsed JSON Diff & merge. "
1	"Glide is a fast and efficient open source media management and image loading framework for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface. "
1	"GreenDAO is an ORM optimized for Android: it maps database tables to Java objects and uses code generation for optimal speed. "
1	"This is an Open Source Project. "
1	"But the timeline of innovation, particularly in open source projects, is also clear and we want our users to understand the direction of flow of innovation in our space. "
1	"This approach is inefficient! "
1	"This reduces recompilation time a lot. "
1	"It's fast and careful with memory. "
1	"Amount of memory that has been freed per minute. "
1	"Processed data will be written to disk before an operation returns. "
1	"Max memory usage / allocation in disk space. "
1	"Memory efficient: uses roughly 500MB less GPU memory than mmdetection during training. "
1	"Job Manager will take care of prioritization, persistence, load balancing, delaying, network control, grouping etc. "
1	"DoctorKafka can also perform load balancing based on topic partitions\'s network usage, and makes sure that broker network usage does not exceed the defined settings. "
1	"Average relative increase in memory consumption. "
1	"However, when the data are loaded to memory, it will be much more efficient as we would never load those "hole" pages into memory. "
1	"By default, the code will load all the groundtruth data processed by Rawpy into memory without 8-bit or 16-bit quantization. "
1	"System load: 0.39 ,Memory usage: 2%, Processes: 80. "
1	"Improved performance after a full collection to the memory consumption. "
1	"Increase in indispensable memory consumption (base footprint). "
1	"The new efficient optimizer can reduce memory usage, but can also affect the processor load. "
1	"Provides replacements for ArrayList, HashSet, and HashMap optimized for performance and memory usage. "
1	"Processing images can be memory intensive. "
1	"For example, you might need to determine how long it will take to generate 100 image thumbnails from disk or how much memory a data structure will take. "
1	"The average heap memory consumption after a minor collection. "
1	"This helps save memory while having little effect on performance. "
1	"Probably want to use shorter if possible for memory and speed reasons. "
1	"At the cost of flexibility, layer 4 load balancing requires less time and computing resources than Layer 7, although the performance impact can be minimal on modern commodity hardware. "
1	"To ensure high throughput, web servers can keep a large number of TCP connections open, resulting in high memory usage. "
1	"Max memory usage / allocation in perm space. "
1	"Intelligent load balancing. "
1	"Older version was consuming too much memory. "
1	"However I have implemented it in a joint way to save time and GPU memory. "
1	"Caching improves page load times and can reduce the load on your servers and databases. "
1	"Images are cached to memory and to disk for super fast loading. "
1	"If queues start to grow significantly, the queue size can become larger than memory, resulting in cache misses, disk reads, and even slower performance. "
1	"The parser generates events similar to an xml sax parser, and is very efficient memory wise. "
1	"However, with very large corpora, loading the entire text at once (and retaining it) can be memory-intensive. "
1	"Increase performance: When building from sources, we can leverage CPU specific optimizations. "
1	"Apache Pinot is a realtime distributed OLAP datastore, which is used to deliver scalable real time analytics with low latency. "
1	"Placing an index can keep the data in memory, requiring more space. "
1	"The performance and memory consumption will also be worse than running directly."
0	"A dynamic framework is designed to be installed in your operating system and portable to other environments."
0	"Portable Computing Language."
0	"Suitable for Unix and Unix-like systems (Linux, macOS, etc.)."
0	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools."
0	"Shadowsocks-Qt5 is a native and cross-platform shadowsocks GUI client with advanced features."
0	"In a totally portable application, all related files would be stored in a single folder so it can be copied with one command or one drag and drop. "
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"The Cross Platform Game Engine."
0	"If you are launching Android Studio from the macOS Finder, you should also run the following two commands."
0	"Avalonia is a WPF/UWP-inspired cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of Operating Systems such as Windows (.NET Framework, .NET Core), Linux (via Xorg), MacOS and with experimental support for Android and iOS."
0	"Recently, the Java programming language and runtime environment has made it possible to have programs that run on any operating system that supports the Java standard (from Sun Microsystems) without any porting work. "
0	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. "
0	"You can also install it globally so you can run it from outside Node projects - say goodbye to those gnarly Bash scripts!"
0	"No windows or any other operative system (MacOS or Linux) dependency."
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"Recently, the Java programming language and runtime environment has made it possible to have programs that run on any operating system that supports the Java standard (from Sun Microsystems) without any porting work. "
0	"Most software developers agree that portability is a desirable attribute for their software projects."
0	"An application that can be converted from one computer environment to another."
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another. "
0	"The useful life of an application, for example, is likely to be extended, and its user base increased, if it can be migrated to various platforms over its lifetime. "
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control."
0	"It supports the following platforms: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS."
0	"A portable SCTP userland stack."
0	"Most software porters created portability macros that allowed the use of many of these features in code that could be straight K&R or ANSI."
0	"In general, programs that adhere to standard program interfaces are portable. "
0	"Embeddable Javascript engine with a focus on portability and compact footprint."
0	"No windows or any other operative system (MacOS or Linux) dependency."
0	"Halide is a language for fast, portable data-parallel computation."
0	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control."
0	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another. "
0	"A dynamic framework is designed to be installed in your operating system and portable to other environments."
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"But not all processors enforce scatar data items aligned at memory addresses that are even multiples of their own size, to the chagrin of nonportable software."
0	"The useful life of an application, for example, is likely to be extended, and its user base increased, if it can be migrated to various platforms over its lifetime. "
0	"The alternative to porting software to a new environment is redeveloping it based on the original specifications."
0	"Shadowsocks-Qt5 is a native and cross-platform shadowsocks GUI client with advanced features."
0	"Note that the degree of portability is not an absolute; it has meaning only with respect to a specific environment or class."
0	"Compilers for high level languages generate code that follow certain conventions. "
0	"Parallel Execution and Memory Abstraction in heterogeneous and complex systems."
0	"According to some definitions, software is portable only if the executable files can be run on a new platform without change. "
0	"By using same codebase, you can target Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS."
0	"Below shows how to build the standalone executable on macOS, Linux and Windows."
0	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools."
0	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools."
0	"Most software developers agree that portability is a desirable attribute for their software projects."
0	"See the official docs for compilation instructions for every supported platform."
0	"Portable Computing Language."
0	"To translate software to run in a different computer environment. For example, "port the application to Unix" means make the necessary changes in the program's source code so that it can be compiled and run under the Unix operating system."
0	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps. "
0	"Being able to move software from one machine platform to another. "
0	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. "
0	"GTK is a multi-platform toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces. "
0	"One approach to the problem of portable software is the design of a universal, hypothetical computer and the implementation of a simulator of the hypothetical computer on the actual machines under consideration."
0	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control."
0	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed."
0	"Portability in high-level computer programming is the usability of the same software in different environments."
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface. "
0	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools."
0	"Make existing (production) applications portable with minimal disruption"
0	"Portability is not a binary attribute. "
0	"Javascript and WebAssembly versions are also available and are fully supported. "
0	"Advanced image processing and computer vision algorithms made as fluent extensions and built for portability."
0	"Portable Computing Language."
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"It helps you build your bots using similar API for multiple platforms, e.g. Messenger, LINE. "
0	"Though the ANSI C library is highly portable across all supported platforms."
0	"Portable OpenSSH polyfills OpenBSD APIs that are not available elsewhere, adds sshd sandboxing for more operating systems and includes support for OS-native authentication and auditing."
0	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine."
0	"MultiNEAT is a portable software library for performing neuroevolution, a form of machine learning that trains neural networks with a genetic algorithm."
0	"It is a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of NaCl, with a compatible API, and an extended API to improve usability even further."
0	"Portable Unix shell commands for Node.js"
0	"See the official docs for compilation instructions for every supported platform."
0	"This doesn't mean that HTML5 Boilerplate cannot be used in older browsers, just that we'll ensure compatibility with the ones mentioned above."
0	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs)."
0	"Games can be exported in one click to a number of platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, MacOS, Windows) as well as mobile (Android, iOS) and web-based (HTML5) platforms."
0	"This is a userland SCTP stack supporting FreeBSD, Linux, MacOS and Windows."
0	"In spite of the recognized importance of portability, there is little guidance for the systematic inclusion of portability considerations in the development process."
0	"These include Microsoft supported platforms (Windows, Windows apps, DNX) as well as other implementations, such as Mono and Xamarin. Some APIs may be removed on certain platforms (such as AppDomains, File I/O, etc.), or refactored into other types (such as some Reflection APIs)."
0	"Portability is not a binary attribute. "
0	"Portability in high-level computer programming is the usability of the same software in different environments."
0	"Expo is a set of tools, libraries, and services that let you build native iOS and Android apps by writing JavaScript."
0	"Only after solving these problems many times does one start to take pre-emptive action to engineer portability in from the very start."
0	"Noriben - Portable, Simple, Malware Analysis Sandbox."
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs)."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library."
0	"This is a port of OpenBSD's OpenSSH to most Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, OS X and Cygwin. "
0	"Thanks to its capabilities, applications can be deployed to mobile devices (iOS, Android), the desktop (Windows, OS X), and to the browser (via the Flash plugin)."
0	"It runs on a variety of compilers and operating systems, including Windows (with MinGW or Visual Studio, x86 and x86_64), iOS and Android."
0	"Multi-platform toolkit."
0	"Ideally, such a program needs only to be compiled for the operating system to which it is being ported. "
0	"Porting is the task of doing any work necessary to make the computer program run in the new environment. "
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"The Data Transfer Project makes it easy for people to transfer their data between online service providers. "
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"When considering a port to entirely different operating systems these issues become much larger. "
0	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C."
0	"Noriben - Portable, Simple, Malware Analysis Sandbox."
0	"Noriben - Portable, Simple, Malware Analysis Sandbox."
0	"Expo is a set of tools, libraries, and services that let you build native iOS and Android apps by writing JavaScript."
0	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. "
0	"It is designed to restore all changed settings when the program is closed. "
0	"Sigil is a multi-platform EPUB ebook editor."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"There are both costs and benefits associated with developing software in a portable manner. These costs and benefits take a variety of forms."
0	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs)."
0	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library."
0	"Bindings for all common programming languages are available and well-supported."
0	"Learn once and make writing cross-platform bots easier."
0	"Note that the degree of portability is not an absolute; it has meaning only with respect to a specific environment or class."
0	"It refers to system software or application software that can be recompiled for a different platform or to software that is available for two or more different platforms. "
0	"The "calling convention" is essentially a set of assumptions made by the compiler about where function arguments will be found on entry to a function."
0	"Transportation refers to the physical movement of the software and associated artifacts, but also includes some low level issues of data representation."
0	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C."
0	"A software unit is portable (exhibits portability) across a class of environments to the degree that the cost to transport and adapt it to a new environment in the class is less than the cost of redevelopment."
0	"ShellJS is a portable (Windows/Linux/OS X) implementation of Unix shell commands on top of the Node.js API."
0	"The "calling convention" is essentially a set of assumptions made by the compiler about where function arguments will be found on entry to a function."
0	"The notion of software portability was confined to some research projects in universities. It has now become relevant, in some cases even vital, to the economical development of software in practice. "
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web."
0	"These conventions are necessary, in part, for separate compilation to work. "
0	"A multi-platform .NET UI framework"
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"Only after solving these problems many times does one start to take pre-emptive action to engineer portability in from the very start."
0	"The folder would likely have many subfolders, and they would all copy in the same transaction."
0	"To translate software to run in a different computer environment. For example, "port the application to Unix" means make the necessary changes in the program's source code so that it can be compiled and run under the Unix operating system."
0	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface. "
0	"Transportation and adaptation. Adaptation includes most of the modifications that need to be made to the original software, including automated retranslation. "
0	"Only after solving these problems many times does one start to take pre-emptive action to engineer portability in from the very start."
0	"An application stored on a USB flash drive that can run on a computer without leaving any trace of itself when the application is finished. "
0	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs."
0	"There are many hardware and software platforms; it is not only a Windows world."
0	"Provide a model for new applications so that they are portable from inception."
0	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C."
0	"An application that can be converted from one computer environment to another."
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"This is a port of OpenBSD's OpenSSH to most Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, OS X and Cygwin. "
0	"The concept of software portability has different meanings to different people. "
0	"We are establishing a common framework, including data models and protocols, to enable direct transfer of data both into and out of participating online service providers. "
0	"Advanced image processing and computer vision algorithms made as fluent extensions and built for portability."
0	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs."
0	"But not all processors enforce scatar data items aligned at memory addresses that are even multiples of their own size, to the chagrin of nonportable software."
0	"Docker toolbox portable for Windows systems."
0	"But not all processors enforce scatar data items aligned at memory addresses that are even multiples of their own size, to the chagrin of nonportable software."
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"Below shows how to build the standalone executable on macOS, Linux and Windows."
0	"macOS users must also run the following command for Android Studio to see this environment variable."
0	"This is a port of OpenBSD's OpenSSH to most Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, OS X and Cygwin. "
0	"Recently, the Java programming language and runtime environment has made it possible to have programs that run on any operating system that supports the Java standard (from Sun Microsystems) without any porting work. "
0	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools."
0	"A dynamic framework is designed to be installed in your operating system and portable to other environments."
0	"macOS users must also run the following command for Android Studio to see this environment variable."
0	"The concept of software portability has different meanings to different people. "
0	"Porting is the task of doing any work necessary to make the computer program run in the new environment. "
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web."
0	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web."
0	"Portability in high-level computer programming is the usability of the same software in different environments."
0	"With regards to Windows apps, such programs would not use the Registry. "
0	"Most software developers agree that portability is a desirable attribute for their software projects."
0	"A portable SCTP userland stack."
0	"In a totally portable application, all related files would be stored in a single folder so it can be copied with one command or one drag and drop. "
0	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. "
0	"Uses of such extensions have to be removed or replaced with comparable functions in the new operating system."
0	"Only after solving these problems many times does one start to take pre-emptive action to engineer portability in from the very start."
0	"It is a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of NaCl, with a compatible API, and an extended API to improve usability even further."
0	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms."
0	"Transportation refers to the physical movement of the software and associated artifacts, but also includes some low level issues of data representation."
0	"Portability has usually meant some work when moving an application program to another operating system. "
0	"Halide is a language for fast, portable data-parallel computation."
0	"It is a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of NaCl, with a compatible API, and an extended API to improve usability even further."
0	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product"."
0	"Note that the degree of portability is not an absolute; it has meaning only with respect to a specific environment or class."
0	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs."
0	"The notion of software portability was confined to some research projects in universities. It has now become relevant, in some cases even vital, to the economical development of software in practice. "
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform."
0	"An application that can be converted from one computer environment to another."
0	"Compilers for high level languages generate code that follow certain conventions. "
0	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library."
0	"Advanced image processing and computer vision algorithms made as fluent extensions and built for portability."
0	"Parallel Execution and Memory Abstraction in heterogeneous and complex systems."
0	"By using same codebase, you can target Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS."
0	"This is a port of OpenBSD's OpenSSH to most Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, OS X and Cygwin. "
0	"The Data Transfer Project makes it easy for people to transfer their data between online service providers. "
0	"If you are launching Android Studio from the macOS Finder, you should also run the following two commands."
0	"It supports the following platforms: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS."
0	"Bear should be quite portable on UNIX operating systems."
0	"It is a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of NaCl, with a compatible API, and an extended API to improve usability even further."
0	"Make existing (production) applications portable with minimal disruption"
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"This repo contains .NET Portability Analyzer libraries and tools."
0	"If you are launching Android Studio from the macOS Finder, you should also run the following two commands."
0	"When considering a port to entirely different operating systems these issues become much larger. "
0	"Portability has usually meant some work when moving an application program to another operating system. "
0	"Suitable for Unix and Unix-like systems (Linux, macOS, etc.)."
0	"Expo is a set of tools, libraries, and services that let you build native iOS and Android apps by writing JavaScript."
0	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform."
0	"Avalonia is a WPF/UWP-inspired cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of Operating Systems such as Windows (.NET Framework, .NET Core), Linux (via Xorg), MacOS and with experimental support for Android and iOS."
0	"Multi-platform ACL generation system."
0	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another. "
0	"The Apache Portable Runtime Library provides a predictable and consistent interface to underlying platform-specific implementations, with an API to which software developers may code and be assured of predictable if not identical behavior regardless of the platform on which their software is built, relieving them of the need to code special-case conditions to work around or take advantage of platform-specific deficiencies or features."
0	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps. "
0	"Portability, in relation to software, is a measure of how easily an application can be transferred from one computer environment to another."
0	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs."
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"Thanks to its capabilities, applications can be deployed to mobile devices (iOS, Android), the desktop (Windows, OS X), and to the browser (via the Flash plugin)."
0	"You can also install it globally so you can run it from outside Node projects - say goodbye to those gnarly Bash scripts!"
0	"Users who move to different environments want familiar software."
0	"Portability is a characteristic attributed to a computer program if it can be used in an operating systems other than the one in which it was created without requiring major rework. "
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"The alternative to porting software to a new environment is redeveloping it based on the original specifications."
0	"Supports all of the most used modern browsers: Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari."
0	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another. "
0	"Docker toolbox portable for Windows systems."
0	"Portable Unix shell commands for Node.js"
0	"The notion of software portability was confined to some research projects in universities. It has now become relevant, in some cases even vital, to the economical development of software in practice. "
0	"This is a userland SCTP stack supporting FreeBSD, Linux, MacOS and Windows."
0	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product"."
0	"A portable logging abstraction for .NET language."
0	"According to some definitions, software is portable only if the executable files can be run on a new platform without change. "
0	"The "calling convention" is essentially a set of assumptions made by the compiler about where function arguments will be found on entry to a function."
0	"Below shows how to build the standalone executable on macOS, Linux and Windows."
0	"In spite of the recognized importance of portability, there is little guidance for the systematic inclusion of portability considerations in the development process."
0	"There are both costs and benefits associated with developing software in a portable manner. These costs and benefits take a variety of forms."
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"This is a userland SCTP stack supporting FreeBSD, Linux, MacOS and Windows."
0	"In general, programs that adhere to standard program interfaces are portable. "
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"Bindings for all common programming languages are available and well-supported."
0	"Installing an operating system on your Raspberry Pi."
0	"Learn once and make writing cross-platform bots easier."
0	"When considering a port to entirely different operating systems these issues become much larger. "
0	"An application that can be converted from one computer environment to another."
0	"Recently, the Java programming language and runtime environment has made it possible to have programs that run on any operating system that supports the Java standard (from Sun Microsystems) without any porting work. "
0	"Portable OpenSSH polyfills OpenBSD APIs that are not available elsewhere, adds sshd sandboxing for more operating systems and includes support for OS-native authentication and auditing."
0	"We consider that each software unit has a quantifiable degree of portability to a particular environment or class of environments, based on the cost of porting. "
0	"One approach to the problem of portable software is the design of a universal, hypothetical computer and the implementation of a simulator of the hypothetical computer on the actual machines under consideration."
0	"It runs on a variety of compilers and operating systems, including Windows (with MinGW or Visual Studio, x86 and x86_64), iOS and Android."
0	"A multi-platform .NET UI framework"
0	"Portability, in relation to software, is a measure of how easily an application can be transferred from one computer environment to another."
0	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps. "
0	"In a totally portable application, all related files would be stored in a single folder so it can be copied with one command or one drag and drop. "
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"Advanced image processing and computer vision algorithms made as fluent extensions and built for portability."
0	"Transportation refers to the physical movement of the software and associated artifacts, but also includes some low level issues of data representation."
0	"A compiled Win32 portable version of Ncat."
0	"Avoid code changes when deploying your application between Linux and Windows based systems."
0	"SquiDB is a cross-platform SQLite database layer for Android and iOS."
0	"The folder would likely have many subfolders, and they would all copy in the same transaction."
0	"We consider that each software unit has a quantifiable degree of portability to a particular environment or class of environments, based on the cost of porting. "
0	"Users who move to different environments want familiar software."
0	"PCL Storage provides a consistent, portable set of local file IO APIs for .NET, Windows Phone, Windows Store, Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, and Silverlight. "
0	"Most software porters created portability macros that allowed the use of many of these features in code that could be straight K&R or ANSI."
0	"You can use it to eliminate your shell script's dependency on Unix while still keeping its familiar and powerful commands."
0	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs)."
0	"You can also install it globally so you can run it from outside Node projects - say goodbye to those gnarly Bash scripts!"
0	"Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine."
0	"A compiled Win32 portable version of Ncat."
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"As a cross platform UI Toolkit, you can now use RNE on the web & share your codebase between your React Native + React web apps. "
0	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface. "
0	"It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others."
0	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web."
0	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library."
0	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C."
0	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior."
0	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways. "
0	"Due to this bug, the orbiter crashed almost immediately when it arrived at Mars."
0	"A bug in Xcode causes it to ignore the user selection."
0	"This repo is used to track issues and bugs with Celeste."
0	"Robust evasion attacks against neural network to find adversarial examples."
0	"Supports manual control procedures eg control reports."
0	"A testing unit should focus on one tiny bit of functionality and prove it correct."
0	"Software testing is a process, to evaluate the functionality of a software application with an intent to find whether the developed software met the specified requirements or not and to identify the defects to ensure that the product is defect free in order to produce the quality product."
0	"Provides internal system controls to ensure accuracy, integrity and completeness eg data input and accuracy checks, validation, authorisation."
0	"The process of finding and fixing bugs is termed "debugging" and often uses formal techniques or tools to pinpoint bugs, and since the 1950s, some computer systems have been designed to also deter, detect or auto-correct various computer bugs during operations."
0	"Software testing is a process, to evaluate the functionality of a software application with an intent to find whether the developed software met the specified requirements or not and to identify the defects to ensure that the product is defect free in order to produce the quality product."
0	"Provides system security via multiple, configurable passwords  / levels of security."
0	"Regularly (annually) releasing functional / legislative software upgrade(s)"
0	"An open source network stress tool for Windows."
0	"Provides backup and restore facilities for programs and data."
0	"Supports your organisation, by running over your (chosen) network, database and hardware platform(s)."
0	"he probability to randomly drop each pose segment during training, so the network can get more robust to missing poses at inference time."
0	"Many different reasons for software failure such as errors, abiguities, misinterpretation of specifications, inaqdequate testing or unexpected usages."
0	"Sysadmins are then tasked with running the service and responding to events and updates as they occur. As the system grows in complexity and traffic volume, generating a corresponding increase in events and updates, the sysadmin team grows to absorb the additional work.This file is part of Exploit Reliability Testing System."
0	"Sysadmins are then tasked with running the service and responding to events and updates as they occur. As the system grows in complexity and traffic volume, generating a corresponding increase in events and updates, the sysadmin team grows to absorb the additional work.This file is part of Exploit Reliability Testing System."
0	"Checking that system responds correctly to all kinds of inputs."
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"Fix a bug in prepared statements"
0	"Improvements and bug fixes related to the taint analysis."
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"Bugs can trigger errors that may have ripple effects."
0	"Understanding software maintainability allows organizations to identify improvement areas as well as determine the value supplied by current applications or during development changes."
0	"Supports manual control procedures eg control reports."
0	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise."
0	"In 1999, NASA lost its Mars climate orbiter because one of the subcontractors NASA employed had used English units instead of the intended metric system, which caused the orbiter’s thrusters to work incorrectly."
0	"Full or multiple levels of software support and maintenance"
0	"Robust principal component analysis."
0	"JavaScript Testing utilities for React."
0	"Software bugs are of many types. A bug is a bug no matter what. But sometimes, it is important to understand the nature, its implications and the cause to process it better."
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"As the number of possible tests for even simple software components is practically infinite, all software testing uses some strategy to select tests that are feasible for the available time and resources."
0	"If the result from sum() is incorrect, this will fail with an AssertionError and the message "Should be 6". "
0	"Support for your organisation, in your geographical location"
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring and crash reporting tool for PHP apps."
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"Due to this bug, the orbiter crashed almost immediately when it arrived at Mars."
0	"A workshop for learning how to test JavaScript applications. "
0	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions."
0	"Pug – robust, elegant, feature rich template engine for Node.js."
0	"They go to great strength to guarantee that applications still work on newer versions of their operating system, even when they have to work around bugs in the original software application."
0	"Please join CaffeOnSpark user group for discussions and questions."
0	"This repo is used to track issues and bugs with Celeste."
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways. "
0	"Software maintainability is important because it is approximately 75% of the cost related to a project."
0	"It may have originally been used in hardware engineering to describe mechanical malfunctions."
0	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites."
0	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs."
0	"Software is better quality if you can adapt it to changing user requirements quickly and cost-efficiently."
0	"Prism is a lightweight, robust, elegant syntax highlighting library. "
0	"A workshop for learning how to test JavaScript applications. "
0	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior."
0	"Software testing is a process, to evaluate the functionality of a software application with an intent to find whether the developed software met the specified requirements or not and to identify the defects to ensure that the product is defect free in order to produce the quality product."
0	"Protection against any stray console statements causing JavaScript errors in older browsers."
0	"The probability of certain software to maintain the normal operation for a determined time t."
0	"JavaScript Testing utilities for React."
0	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites."
0	"Supports your organisation, by running over your (chosen) network, database and hardware platform(s)."
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"An implementation of the simple bug prediction heuristic outlined by the Google Engineering team."
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring & reporting software for rails, sinatra, rack and ruby."
0	"Software maintainability is important because it is approximately 75% of the cost related to a project."
0	"It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks."
0	"The control flow of a software describes what it will do next and on what condition."
0	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests."
0	"Anything that the end user needs to know in order to use the software should be made available on screen."
0	"Software maintainability requires more developer effort than any other phase of the development life cycle. "
0	"Checking that system responds correctly to all kinds of inputs."
0	"One of the great aspects when your software goes public is that you get more feedback. "
0	"A workshop for learning how to test JavaScript applications. "
0	"We will continue to accept bug fixes, however."
0	"A collection of samples demonstrating different frameworks and techniques for automated testing."
0	"A unit test checks a small component in your application."
0	"Different from hardware reliability since it doesn’t age, wear out, rust, deform or crack!"
0	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise."
0	"Missing command errors: This happens to occur when an expected command is missing."
0	"track down the problem, reproduce the bug, test and deploy the fix" cycle simply does not work in most large and complex production systems. "
0	"Software usually stays in the same condition as when it was created and unless there are changes caused by hardware - like changes in the storage content or data path – we could assume software doesn’t really “break”."
0	"Software is better quality if you can adapt it to changing user requirements quickly and cost-efficiently."
0	"Various bug fixes released with last version."
0	"A collection of samples demonstrating different frameworks and techniques for automated testing."
0	"Software usually stays in the same condition as when it was created and unless there are changes caused by hardware - like changes in the storage content or data path – we could assume software doesn’t really “break”."
0	"One of the great aspects when your software goes public is that you get more feedback. "
0	"This system is aimed at finding how much an exploit is reliable."
0	"In 1999, NASA lost its Mars climate orbiter because one of the subcontractors NASA employed had used English units instead of the intended metric system, which caused the orbiter’s thrusters to work incorrectly."
0	"Provision for Software Escrow"
0	"A testing unit should focus on one tiny bit of functionality and prove it correct."
0	"Fast and robust Emacs setup."
0	"Missing command errors: This happens to occur when an expected command is missing."
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring & reporting software for rails, sinatra, rack and ruby."
0	"One common source of expensive defects is requirement gaps, i.e., unrecognized requirements that result in errors of omission by the program designer."
0	"Send error messages to the original developer if it’s third party package’s problem."
0	"Missing command errors: This happens to occur when an expected command is missing."
0	"A bug in Xcode causes it to ignore the user selection."
0	"Software is better quality if you can adapt it to changing user requirements quickly and cost-efficiently."
0	"Supports manual control procedures eg control reports."
0	"Improvements and bug fixes related to the taint analysis."
0	"The probability of certain software to maintain the normal operation for a determined time t."
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"One of the great aspects when your software goes public is that you get more feedback. "
0	"Any errors that occur while the user is interacting with the software needs to be handled in a clear and meaningful manner. If not, it is called as an Error Handling Error."
0	"Is totally reliable and consistently perform the required software functions."
0	"Software testing is a process, to evaluate the functionality of a software application with an intent to find whether the developed software met the specified requirements or not and to identify the defects to ensure that the product is defect free in order to produce the quality product."
0	"A programming team will perform four types of maintenance on new deployments or enhancements: corrective, adaptive, perfective, and preventative. "
0	"A program that contains a large number of bugs, and/or bugs that seriously interfere with its functionality, is said to be buggy (defective). "
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"We will continue to accept bug fixes, however."
0	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities. "
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"An open source network stress tool for Windows."
0	"Robolectric is the industry-standard unit testing framework for Android. "
0	"Cassandra is a distributed storage system for managing structured data while providing reliability at a massive scale."
0	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"To test seaborn, run make test in the source directory."
0	"A landing page to make finding relevant bugs easier for new Mozilla contributors."
0	"To check your install, you can run all the unit tests by calling the test script in the install folder."
0	"Software is a model of the real world. When the real world changes, the software requires alteration wherever possible. "
0	"As the number of possible tests for even simple software components is practically infinite, all software testing uses some strategy to select tests that are feasible for the available time and resources."
0	"It is used to increase the lifetime of the software. "
0	"A software bug is an error, flaw, failure, or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways."
0	"It can be an important factor affecting system reliability."
0	"Understanding software maintainability allows organizations to identify improvement areas as well as determine the value supplied by current applications or during development changes."
0	"Please file an issue for bugs, missing documentation, or unexpected behavior."
0	"JavaScript Testing utilities for React."
0	"Python library for adversarial attacks and defenses (evasion, poisoning) for neural networks with multiple framework support."
0	"Monitor and report execution errors and malfunctionings."
0	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests."
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"track down the problem, reproduce the bug, test and deploy the fix" cycle simply does not work in most large and complex production systems. "
0	"iOS in-app bug reporting for developers and testers, with annotated screenshots and the console log."
0	"testLoggingEvents: unit test events to be logged, separated by comma."
0	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems."
0	"Hacker News client with a focus on reliability and robustness."
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring & reporting software for rails, sinatra, rack and ruby."
0	"Please join CaffeOnSpark user group for discussions and questions."
0	"If you believe there is a bug, open an issue."
0	"Javascript error handling tool for Bugsnag. Monitor and report JavaScript bugs & errors."
0	"This will give you more confidence that you did not break anything in the rest of the code."
0	"A study conducted by NIST in 2002 reports that software bugs cost the U.S. economy $59.5 billion annually. More than a third of this cost could be avoided, if better software testing was performed."
0	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using pytest)."
0	"Bugs can trigger errors that may have ripple effects."
0	"Software is a model of the real world. When the real world changes, the software requires alteration wherever possible. "
0	"A Service Level Agreement with escalation procedures"
0	"Thanks to the administrator for coming up with a fix for an important bug."
0	"Write a unit test to show the issue!"
0	"Prism is a lightweight, robust, elegant syntax highlighting library. "
0	"Software reliability is the probability that a particular software will not cause the failure of a system for a specified time under specified conditions."
0	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability."
0	"Once I started looking into the vulnerability, I realized that this vulnerability is unreliable due to the fact that there is a very small window between free and use of the freed object."
0	"An implementation of the simple bug prediction heuristic outlined by the Google Engineering team."
0	"Support to fix bugs in constructors currently is under testing."
0	"Fix bug of DateSupport.count error."
0	"Bug report should include details (OS, Emacs version …)."
0	"Always run the full test suite before a coding session, and run it again after. "
0	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities. "
0	"With Robolectric, your tests run in a simulated Android environment inside a JVM, without the overhead of an emulator."
0	"track down the problem, reproduce the bug, test and deploy the fix" cycle simply does not work in most large and complex production systems. "
0	"One common source of expensive defects is requirement gaps, i.e., unrecognized requirements that result in errors of omission by the program designer."
0	"One common source of expensive defects is requirement gaps, i.e., unrecognized requirements that result in errors of omission by the program designer."
0	"An open source network stress tool for Windows."
0	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle. "
0	"Monitor and report execution errors and malfunctionings."
0	"Fast and robust Emacs setup."
0	"It may have originally been used in hardware engineering to describe mechanical malfunctions."
0	"A unit test checks a small component in your application."
0	"Evaluation of how reliably a software system will perform when functional."
0	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"Fixed bug when page is too small to scroll."
0	"Help desk telephone support"
0	"Software maintenance in software engineering is the modification of a software product after delivery to correct faults, to improve performance or other attributes."
0	"Many different reasons for software failure such as errors, abiguities, misinterpretation of specifications, inaqdequate testing or unexpected usages."
0	"Improvements and bug fixes related to the taint analysis."
0	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using pytest)."
0	"- Fix bug in Disruptor DSL where some consumers wouldn\'t be included in the gating sequences."
0	"Easy upgrade paths"
0	"Approximately 75 percent of the cost is related to software maintenance. "
0	"Most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made in either a program's source code or its design, or in components and operating systems used by such programs. "
0	"Maintainability means fixing, updating, servicing and to modify the system or update the software for performance improvements or for the correction of faults. "
0	"Full or multiple levels of software support and maintenance"
0	"An implementation of the simple bug prediction heuristic outlined by the Google Engineering team."
0	"Please join CaffeOnSpark user group for discussions and questions."
0	"An easy-to-use JavaScript Unit Testing framework."
0	"Prism is a lightweight, robust, elegant syntax highlighting library. "
0	"High-quality software is as concise as possible given its requirements."
0	"An implementation of the simple bug prediction heuristic outlined by the Google Engineering team."
0	"Please join CaffeOnSpark user group for discussions and questions."
0	"Supports your organisation, by running over your (chosen) network, database and hardware platform(s)."
0	"Fixed bug when page is too small to scroll."
0	"Software maintainability is the degree of an application to repaired or enhanced it. During the system development life cycle (SDLC) this phase requires more development effort than any other phase. "
0	"Supports manual control procedures eg control reports."
0	"Syntactic error: Syntactic errors are misspelled words or grammatically incorrect sentences and are very evident while testing software GUI."
0	"Software maintainability is important because it is approximately 75% of the cost related to a project."
0	"Robust evasion attacks against neural network to find adversarial examples."
0	"Each test must be able to run alone, and also within the test suite, regardless of the order that they are called. "
0	"It is also used to make future maintenance easier. "
0	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise."
0	"testLoggingEvents: unit test events to be logged, separated by comma."
0	"Responding to queries / faults within the quoted time scales"
0	"It can be an important factor affecting system reliability."
0	"A bug in Xcode causes it to ignore the user selection."
0	"Write a unit test to show the issue!"
0	"One common source of expensive defects is requirement gaps, i.e., unrecognized requirements that result in errors of omission by the program designer."
0	"A Service Level Agreement with escalation procedures"
0	"Javascript error handling tool for Bugsnag. Monitor and report JavaScript bugs & errors."
0	"Different from hardware reliability since it doesn’t age, wear out, rust, deform or crack!"
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"Testing if an element exists."
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests."
0	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle. "
0	"Each test must be able to run alone, and also within the test suite, regardless of the order that they are called. "
0	"Not all software defects are caused by coding errors. "
0	"Easy upgrade paths"
0	"Exploit Reliability Testing System is used to test reliability of hitting EIP=0x41414141. "
0	"It may have originally been used in hardware engineering to describe mechanical malfunctions."
0	"A collection of awesome penetration testing resources."
0	"If there is a compilation error before or during `mix test`, it will be shown as a test failure."
0	"The principles of unittest are easily portable to other frameworks."
0	"This will exercise both the unit tests and docstring examples (using pytest)."
0	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs."
0	"Cassandra is a distributed storage system for managing structured data while providing reliability at a massive scale."
0	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities. "
0	"An integration test checks that components in your application operate with each other."
0	"This system is aimed at finding how much an exploit is reliable."
0	"Provides backup and restore facilities for programs and data."
0	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests."
0	"Fix a bug in prepared statements"
0	"A lightweight powerful flow control component enabling reliability and monitoring for microservices."
0	"Hence why I didn't write any unit test for this case."
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"This is faster than `Affine`."
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"There are many ways to create rounded corners in android, but this is the fastest and best one that I know of because it:"
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"'git diff' much more useful (compared to splitting a tarball, which is essentially a big binary blob)."
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"According to GitHub’s annual Octoverse report, Java and Python are the second and third most popular languages for the fourth year in a row. "
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"At least Neo4j and OrientDB can’t stand out in this test despite it’s a simple graph traversal. "
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"Python has a more unified support model than Java for the first time, and open source developers are focusing their efforts on the latest version of the language. I have to give Python the edge here."
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"Performance is where Java has a substantial advantage over Python."
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"These and similar large projects are supported much more actively by a larger number of contributors."
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"Both languages compile to bytecode, but Python is (usually) compiled at runtime. "
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"Specialized implementations offer better performance compared to standard APIs."
0	"Putting it in the hands of junior developers may cause more harm than good."
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"That’s because lookups in a graph of a known length is faster with an Index lookup than using outbound links in every vertex."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries. "
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"'git diff' much more useful (compared to splitting a tarball, which is essentially a big binary blob)."
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB. "
0	"Comparing the speed, developers note that the latter one lacks speed and experience difficulties with large data volumes, so it’ll be a better choice for companies with smaller databases and looking for a more general solution. "
0	"See LICENSE file for more details."
0	"Copyright 2016 Combust, Inc."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Alternatives  https://pages.github.com/ https://pages.gitlab.io/  License MIT."
0	"For license information regarding the FFHQ dataset, please refer to the Flickr-Faces-HQ repository."
0	"This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version."
0	"Redistribution."
0	"Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, which are limited to all Copyright and Similar Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the Licensor has authority to license."
0	"Trademarks."
0	"CC0 1.0 Universal  Statement of Purpose  The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work")."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"See the LICENSE file for more information."
0	"Submission of Contributions."
0	""Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below)."
0	"Grant of Patent License."
0	"For more information on this, and how to apply and follow the GNU GPL, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>."
0	"In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer."
0	"You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:  (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License, and  (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files, and  (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, and  (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works, within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works, or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear."
0	"rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below, . rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a Work, i."
0	"For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving image."
0	"The network was originally shared under  Creative Commons BY 4.0  license on the  Very Deep Convolutional Networks for Large-Scale Visual Recognition  project page."
0	"c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons that may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018-  MindsDB, Inc (Jorge Torres)  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"License   MIT License   Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Michael Nielsen   Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:   The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"If You Share the Licensed Material (including in modified form), You must:  a. retain the following if it is supplied by the Licensor with the Licensed Material:  i. identification of the creator(s) of the Licensed Material and any others designated to receive attribution, in any reasonable manner requested by the Licensor (including by pseudonym if designated),  ii."
0	"To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own identifying information."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, the Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to exercise the Licensed Rights in the Licensed Material to:  a. reproduce and Share the Licensed Material, in whole or in part, for NonCommercial purposes only, and  b. produce, reproduce, and Share Adapted Material for NonCommercial purposes only."
0	"No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned, surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below, . rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a Work, i."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 Mohamed Fawzy  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions, type `show c' for details."
0	"License Prerequisites."
0	"The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate parts of the General Public License."
0	"Copyright 2013, 2014 Engine Yard, Inc."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software istributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, ITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"For license information regarding the FFHQ dataset, please refer to the  Flickr-Faces-HQ repository ."
0	"Trademarks."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, the Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to exercise the Licensed Rights in the Licensed Material to:  a. reproduce and Share the Licensed Material, in whole or in part, for NonCommercial purposes only, and  b. produce, reproduce, and Share Adapted Material for NonCommercial purposes only."
0	"Copyright 2017-Present."
0	"moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s), ii."
0	"The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"For purposes of this Public License, the exchange of the Licensed Material for other material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights by digital file-sharing or similar means is NonCommercial provided there is no payment of monetary compensation in connection with the exchange."
0	"This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file."
0	"Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions."
0	""Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below)."
0	"b. Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Material in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Public License."
0	"Copyright (C) {year}  {name of author}  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version."
0	"License Copyright 2016 Twitter, Inc."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 Mohamed Fawzy  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"Media and formats, technical modifications allowed."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	""Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."
0	"While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License."
0	"The GNU General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs."
0	"Additional offer from the Licensor -- Adapted Material."
0	""Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary."
0	"License Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0."
0	"This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation."
0	"Directus is released under the GPLv3 license."
0	""Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution.""
0	"To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions."
0	"Public License Fallback."
0	"j. Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this Public License."
0	"It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively state the exclusion of warranty, and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2019 Infinite Red, Inc."
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Sublist3r is licensed under the GNU GPL license."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"Definitions."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution.""
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"Contact us for help."
0	""Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below)."
0	"Copyright {yyyy} {name of copyright owner} Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"MIT License  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License"
0	"All rights reserved."
0	"README The Open Bank Project API ABOUT The Open Bank Project is an open source API for banks that enables account holders to interact with their bank using a wider range of applications and services."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	""Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"You may satisfy the conditions in Section 3(a)(1) in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share the Licensed Material."
0	"Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose."
0	"Definitions."
0	"For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving image."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"c. BY-NC-SA Compatible License means a license listed at creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses, approved by Creative Commons as essentially the equivalent of this Public License."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"License MIT, see the LICENSE file for more information."
0	"You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License."
0	"The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a)."
0	"For purposes of this Public License, the exchange of the Licensed Material for other material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights by digital file-sharing or similar means is NonCommercial provided there is no payment of monetary compensation in connection with the exchange."
0	"The License Elements of this Public License are Attribution, NonCommercial, and ShareAlike."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"The Apache License)   Copyright (c) 2014-2018  Xiong Neng  and other contributors   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"),  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a)."
0	"This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License."
0	"You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and imitations under the License."
0	"click to enter open source repo, means free to use, or free personal license, means hot app, means recommended app, means must have app, means App store hyperlink, means highly recommended, must-have app."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"Pytorch implementation of our method for high-resolution (e.g. 2048x1024) photorealistic video-to-video translation."
0	"Python job scheduling for humans."
0	"Web-interface + rest API for classification and regression (https://jeff1evesque.github.io/machine-learning.docs)."
0	"Spearmint Bayesian optimization codebase."
0	"is a professional vector graphics editor."
0	"An open-source NLP research library, built on PyTorch."
0	"Get the locations and outlines of each person's eyes, nose, mouth and chin."
0	"The most popular Python library for Machine Learning."
0	"The C++ Core Guidelines are a set of tried-and-true guidelines, rules, and best practices about coding in C++."
0	"Distributed computing : can run  Latent Semantic Analysis  and Latent Dirichlet Allocation  on a cluster of computers."
0	"Deep Learning GPU Training System."
0	"Miscellaneous   Useful libraries or tools that don't fit in the categories above."
0	"A toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications."
0	"Check for open issues or open a fresh issue to start a discussion around a feature idea or a bug."
0	"Easily export your screen into a layered PSD file."
0	"Ease of use: CXF is designed to be intuitive and easy to use. There are simple APIs to quickly build code-first services, Maven plug-ins to make tooling integration easy, JAX-WS API support, Spring 2.x XML support to make configuration a snap, and much more."
0	"Added proper initialization for ONNX TypeStrToProtoMap."
0	"Python implementation of algorithms and design patterns."
0	"Object oriented Python Distribution based on Qt and Spyder."
0	"Interactive and realtime 2D/3D/Image plotting and science/engineering widgets."
0	"FAIR's research platform for object detection research, implementing popular algorithms like Mask R-CNN and RetinaNet."
0	"A bitmap image editor."
0	"Fast, flexible and fun neural networks."
0	"Ease of use: CXF is designed to be intuitive and easy to use. There are simple APIs to quickly build code-first services, Maven plug-ins to make tooling integration easy, JAX-WS API support, Spring 2.x XML support to make configuration a snap, and much more."
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"AndroidAnnotations is an Open Source framework that speeds up Android development."
0	"Tokenization For sentence-level tasks (or sentence-pair) tasks, tokenization is very simple."
0	"Internally, it uses these validator functions to check for the presence of required arguments."
0	"Python library that helps to make task execution easy, consistent and reliable."
0	"How this solves it Database Web API acts as a filter, sitting between a database and the browser, allowing users to interact with that database as if it was a native API."
0	"Python job scheduling for humans."
0	"The system is built using a modular approach so support for other devices or actions can be implemented easily."
0	"A third-party Weibo client for Mac OS."
0	"The friendly PIL fork (Python Imaging Library)."
0	"Powerline is a statusline plugin for vim, and provides statuslines and prompts for several other applications, including zsh, bash, tmux, IPython, Awesome and Qtile."
0	"Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing."
0	"Framework agnostic REST framework based on lessons learned from Tastypie."
0	"Python job scheduling for humans."
0	"Zulip server - powerful open source team chat."
0	"A toolkit for developing and comparing reinforcement learning algorithms."
0	"Once a list of new features to be added has been collected, the items should be ordered by priority."
0	"Developer friendly with Markdown syntax support."
0	"Frontends: CXF supports a variety of "frontend" programming models. CXF implements the JAX-WS APIs. It also includes a "simple frontend" which allows creation of clients and endpoints without annotations. CXF supports both contract first development with WSDL and code first development starting from Java. There is also a JAX-RS frontend for providing REST support."
0	"The easiest way to get started with PostgreSQL on the Mac."
0	"Simple, Pythonic remote execution and deployment."
0	"Hierarchical labeling of axes (possible to have multiple labels per tick)"
0	"A polyglot reactive application platform for the JVM which aims to be an alternative to node.js."
0	"Machine Learning toolbox for Humans."
0	"Making High Quality Video Encoding Accessible for Everyone."
0	"You can use Pythia to bootstrap for your next vision and language multimodal research project."
0	"A free, open-source tool for making diagrams and GUI prototyping."
0	"You can change the recording area anytime during recording."
0	"Compatibility layers for Apache Hadoop MapReduce"
0	"It enables model training, test and feature extraction directly on Hadoop datasets stored in HDFS on Hadoop clusters."
0	"This package provides a library and a command-line tool named  , which makes it possible to get arbitrary-sized files and directories (or short pieces of text) from one computer to another."
0	"A Mac read later client supporting all major providers: Instapaper, Pocket and Readability."
0	"A Comprehensive Media Tool for macOS."
0	"Built-in review tools make code review an essential part of your team’s process."
0	"Implementations of Monoids for interesting approximation algorithms, such as Bloom filter, HyperLogLog and CountMinSketch."
0	"MapReduce & ForkJoin Processing"
0	"Machine Learning From Scratch. Bare bones NumPy implementations of machine learning models and algorithms with a focus on accessibility. Aims to cover everything from data mining to deep learning."
0	"Bolt Online Learning Toolbox."
0	"simple but flexible plugin system for Python."
0	"An open-source WeChat client, build with Electron ."
0	"Find and manipulate facial features in pictures"
0	"The purpose of Luigi is to address all the plumbing typically associated with long-running batch processes. You want to chain many tasks, automate them, and failures will happen. These tasks can be anything, but are typically long running things like Hadoop jobs, dumping data to/from databases, running machine learning algorithms, or anything else."
0	"It implements an original way of running and organizing event-driven systems based on Petri nets."
0	"Workflow scheduling based on frequency and/or data availability."
0	"Flexible windowing (time, count, sessions, custom triggers) across different time semantics (event time, processing time)"
0	"A runtime that supports very high throughput and low event latency at the same time"
0	"Simple and extensible administrative interface framework for Flask."
0	"Visualizer for deep learning and machine learning models."
0	"Once a list of new features to be added has been collected, the items should be ordered by priority."
0	"A python library for implementing a recommender system."
0	"A new way to manage highlights for Kindle and iBooks."
0	"Curated set of transformers that make your work with steppy faster and more effective :telescope:."
0	"You can't load the whole archive into calibre."
0	"You can't load the whole archive into calibre."
0	"Fast out of the box, cache-friendly when you need it."
0	"A free, open-source, and cross-platform media player."
0	"Custom memory management for efficient and robust switching between in-memory and out-of-core data processing algorithms"
0	"Support for event time and out-of-order processing in the DataStream API, based on the Dataflow Model"
0	"What this project does  Automates the whole machine learning process, making it super easy to use for both analytics, and getting real-time predictions in production."
0	"A polyglot reactive application platform for the JVM which aims to be an alternative to node.js."
0	"An Open Source Machine Learning Framework for Everyone."
0	"Tokenization For sentence-level tasks (or sentence-pair) tasks, tokenization is very simple."
0	"Recognize who appears in each photo."
0	"Creates a Database."
0	""
0	"Synfig Studio is free, open-source 2D animation software."
0	"Hierarchical labeling of axes (possible to have multiple labels per tick)"
0	"Easy benchmarking of all publicly accessible implementations of convnets."
0	"Gorgonia is a library that helps facilitate machine learning in Go."
0	"Deep Learning for humans."
0	"Python package for Bayesian Machine Learning with scikit-learn API."
0	"powerful workflow engine implemented in pure Python."
0	"Added improved input validation for group convolution."
0	"Check for open issues or open a fresh issue to start a discussion around a feature idea or a bug."
0	"Work with Python. No separate models configuration files in a declarative format. Models are described in Python code, which is compact, easier to debug, and allows for ease of extensibility."
0	"Cognitive models can be used to improve user interfaces or predict problem errors and pitfalls during the design process. "
0	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture."
0	"User Interface (UI) Design focuses on anticipating what users might need to do and ensuring that the interface has elements that are easy to access, understand, and use to facilitate those actions. "
0	"Usability is human centered, collecting and understanding the full set of user preferences is better than just a handful of disparate facts. "
0	"Usability is human centered, collecting and understanding the full set of user preferences is better than just a handful of disparate facts. "
0	"Flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets"
0	"Usability Evaluation assitant to facilitate doing experiments with end users."
0	"Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction. "
0	"3."
0	"Please adhere to contributing.md, when contributing code."
0	"If you are simply looking to start working with the pandas codebase, navigate to the GitHub "issues" tab and start looking through interesting issues."
0	"Make sure all tests are passed."
0	"* Prefix PRs and issues with language codes if they are for that translation only, e.g."
0	"Here is the process for maintaining translations:."
0	"Any form of contribution that is not mentioned above."
0	"Work on this copy on your computer using Git to do the version control."
0	"Subscribe or mail the dev@beam.apache.org list."
0	"Feel free to ask questions on the mailing list or on Gitter."
0	"4."
0	"Any form of contribution that is not mentioned above."
0	"We've set up a separate document for our contribution guidelines."
0	"We\'d like for the guide to be available in many languages."
0	"We should have awe-inspiring speed and crazy-good compression."
0	"* Add the section description."
0	"* Changes to content should be made to the English version first, and then translated to each other language."
0	"Check out our contributing documentation."
0	"Forum for a high-level discussion with the wider community before implementation."
0	"Donate."
0	"Evaluation documentation (C++, C#/.NET, Python, Java)."
0	"Contact us if you are looking for implementation tasks that fit your skills."
0	"Examples."
0	"A detailed overview on how to contribute can be found in the contributing guide."
0	"If you have created a model and would like to publish it here, please send us a"
0	"* Submit a PR with changes to the file in that language."
0	"The preferred way to contribute is to fork the"
0	"Contributing."
0	"Refer to the CONTRIBUTING.md file for more details about the workflow, and general hints on how to prepare your pull request."
0	"## Pull Requests."
0	"We need folks to help with documentation, translation, promotion etc."
0	"There are a number of issues listed under Docs and good first issue where you could start out."
0	"Create a branch to hold your changes and start making changes."
0	"Think you found a bug? Open an issue."
0	"Click on the \'Fork\' button near the top of the page."
0	""."
0	"If you would like to contribute, please send an email to dev@dubbo.apache.org to let us know!"
0	"Feel free to ask questions on the mailing list or on Gitter."
0	"Fix bugs reported on issues, and send us pull request."
0	"All contributions, bug reports, bug fixes, documentation improvements, enhancements and ideas are welcome."
0	"A non-exhaustive but growing list needs to mention: Trevor Killeen, Sasank Chilamkurthy, Sergey Zagoruyko, Adam Lerer, Francisco Massa, Alykhan Tejani, Luca Antiga, Alban Desmaison, Andreas Kopf, James Bradbury, Zeming Lin, Yuandong Tian, Guillaume Lample, Marat Dukhan, Natalia Gimelshein, Christian Sarofeen, Martin Raison, Edward Yang, Zachary Devito."
0	"Commits Mailing List."
0	" $ cd system-design-primer."
0	"Commits Mailing List."
0	"$ git checkout -b my-feature."
0	"Check out our contributing documentation."
0	"When accepted, your pull request will be merged to the repository."
0	"We welcome community contributions to nGraph."
0	"There are a number of issues listed under Docs and good first issue where you could start out."
0	"Fix bugs reported on issues, and send us pull request."
0	"You can also ask for clarifications or guidance in GitHub issues directly, or in the akka/dev chat if a more real time communication would be of benefit."
0	"Refer to the CONTRIBUTING.md file for more details about the workflow, and general hints on how to prepare your pull request."
0	"You can find more plugins made by the community at GitBucket community plugins."
0	"Note: support, and philantropy can be inquired, to further assist with development."
0	"Visit our  contributor guidelines  for additional details."
0	"Contributing We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow Twitter's Open Source Code of Conduct in all interactions with the community."
0	"The terms of the license are as follows: The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2004 Kohsuke Kawaguchi, Sun Microsystems Inc., and a number of other contributors."
0	"2."
0	"6."
0	"Users Mailing List."
