category	text
1	"All contributions, bug reports, bug fixes, documentation improvements, enhancements and ideas are welcome. "
1	"A detailed overview on how to contribute can be found in the contributing guide. "
1	"There is also an overview on GitHub. "
1	"If you are simply looking to start working with the pandas codebase, navigate to the GitHub "issues" tab and start looking through interesting issues. "
1	"There are a number of issues listed under Docs and good first issue where you could start out. "
1	"You can also triage issues which may include reproducing bug reports, or asking for vital information such as version numbers or reproduction instructions. "
1	"If you would like to start triaging issues, one easy way to get started is to subscribe to pandas on CodeTriage. "
1	"Or maybe through using pandas you have an idea of your own or are looking for something in the documentation and thinking ‘this can be improved’..you can do something about it! "
1	"Feel free to ask questions on the mailing list or on Gitter. "
1	"Seaborn development takes place on Github. "
1	"Please submit any reproducible bugs you encounter to the issue tracker. "
1	"CONTRIBUTING: how to contribute to the project. "
1	"MAINTAINERS: an ordered list of project maintainers. "
1	"CHARTER: open source project charter. "
1	"CODE_OF_CONDUCT: Code of conduct for contributors. "
1	"Please review the Contribution to Spark guide for information on how to get started contributing to the project. "
1	"Fork and Contribute. "
1	"This is an active open-source project. "
1	"We are always open to people who want to use the system or contribute to it. "
1	"Contact us if you are looking for implementation tasks that fit your skills. "
1	"This article describes how to contribute to Apache Flink. "
1	"Contributing. "
1	"See CONTRIBUTING for details on submitting patches and the contribution workflow. "
1	"How can I contribute? "
1	"Take a look at issues with tag called Good first issue or Help wanted. "
1	"Join the discussion on mailing list, subscription guide. "
1	"Answer questions on issues. "
1	"Fix bugs reported on issues, and send us pull request. "
1	"Review the existing pull request. "
1	"Improve the website, typically we need. "
1	"blog post. "
1	"translation on documentation. "
1	"use cases about how Dubbo is being used in enterprise system. "
1	"Improve the dubbo-admin/dubbo-monitor. "
1	"Contribute to the projects listed in ecosystem. "
1	"Any form of contribution that is not mentioned above. "
1	"If you would like to contribute, please send an email to dev@dubbo.apache.org to let us know! "
1	"Getting Involved and Contributing. "
1	"Interested in helping out with Apache CloudStack? "
1	"Great! "
1	"We welcome participation from anybody willing to work The Apache Way and make a contribution. "
1	"Note that you do not have to be a developer in order to contribute to Apache CloudStack. "
1	"We need folks to help with documentation, translation, promotion etc. "
1	"See our contribution page. "
1	"If you're interested in learning more or participating in the Apache CloudStack project, the mailing lists are the best way to do that. "
1	"While the project has several communications channels, the mailing lists are the most active and the official channels for making decisions about the project itself. "
1	"Mailing lists. "
1	"Development Mailing List. "
1	"Users Mailing List. "
1	"Commits Mailing List. "
1	"Issues Mailing List. "
1	"Marketing Mailing List. "
1	"IRC, join us on irc.freenode.net on. "
1	"#cloudstack: General Apache CloudStack conversation and end user support. "
1	"#cloudstack-dev: Development discussions. "
1	"Report and/or check bugs on JIRA and check our developer page for contributing code. "
1	"Contributing "
1	"Please see CONTRIBUTING for more info. "
1	"Who Maintains Apache Airflow? "
1	"Airflow is the work of the community, but the core committers/maintainers are responsible for reviewing and merging PRs as well as steering conversation around new feature requests. "
1	"If you would like to become a maintainer, please review the Apache Airflow committer requirements. "
1	"Contributing "
1	"Want to help build Apache Airflow? "
1	"Check out our contributing documentation. "
1	"Contact Us. "
1	"To get involved in Apache Beam. "
1	"Subscribe or mail the user@beam.apache.org list. "
1	"Subscribe or mail the dev@beam.apache.org list. "
1	"Report issues on JIRA. "
1	"We also have a contributor's guide. "
1	"We welcome contributions, and encourage you to get involved in the CXF community. "
1	"If you'd like to learn more about how you can contribute, please see: http://cxf.apache.org/getting-involved.html "
1	"Starring repositories lets maintainers know you appreciate their work and helps you track projects you don’t contribute to. "
1	"Watch repositories to get notifications when someone opens an issue or submits a pull request. "
1	"Contributions. "
1	"Spread the word. "
1	"Open pull requests. "
1	"Reach out with any feedback. "
1	"Contributing. "
1	"We are excited to work alongside you, our amazing community, to build and enhance Windows Terminal! "
1	"We ask that before you start work on a feature that you would like to contribute, please file an issue describing your proposed change: We will be happy to work with you to figure out the best approach, provide guidance and mentorship throughout feature development, and help avoid any wasted or duplicate effort. "
1	"👉 Remember! "
1	"Your contributions may be incorporated into future versions of Windows! "
1	"Because of this, all pull requests will be subject to the same level of scrutiny for quality, coding standards, performance, globalization, accessibility, and compatibility as those of our internal contributors. "
1	"⚠ Note: The Command-Line Team is actively working out of this repository and will be periodically re-structuring the code to make it easier to comprehend, navigate, build, test, and contribute to, so DO expect significant changes to code layout on a regular basis. "
1	"Debugging "
1	"To debug in VS, right click on CascadiaPackage (from VS Solution Explorer) and go to properties, in the Debug menu, change "Application process" and "Background task process" to "Native Only" "
1	"Repo for counting stars and contributing. "
1	"For law professionals or anyone who is willing to contribute to future version directly, please go to Anti-996-License-1.0. "
1	"Thank you. "
1	"For guidance on setting up a development environment and how to make a contribution to Flask, see the contributing guidelines. "
1	"Donate. "
1	"The Pallets organization develops and supports Flask and the libraries it uses. "
1	"In order to grow the community of contributors and users, and allow the maintainers to devote more time to the projects, please donate today. "
1	"We're happy to meet new contributors. "
1	"If you want to get involved with Leaflet development, check out the contribution guide. "
1	"Contributing to pandas Open Source Helpers. "
1	"All contributions, bug reports, bug fixes, documentation improvements, enhancements and ideas are welcome. "
1	"A detailed overview on how to contribute can be found in the contributing guide. "
1	"There is also an overview on GitHub. "
1	"If you are simply looking to start working with the pandas codebase, navigate to the GitHub "issues" tab and start looking through interesting issues. "
1	"There are a number of issues listed under Docs and good first issue where you could start out. "
1	"You can also triage issues which may include reproducing bug reports, or asking for vital information such as version numbers or reproduction instruction. "
1	"If you would like to start triaging issues, one easy way to get started is to subscribe to pandas on CodeTriage. "
1	"Or maybe through using pandas you have an idea of your own or are looking for something in the documentation and thinking ‘this can be improved’..you can do something about it! "
1	"Feel free to ask questions on the mailing list or on Gitter. "
1	"Contribution guidelines "
1	"If you want to contribute to models, be sure to review the contribution guidelines. "
1	"How to Contribute "
1	"We welcome community contributions to nGraph. "
1	"If you have an idea for how to improve it. "
1	"Share your proposal via GitHub issues. "
1	"Ensure you can build the product and run all the examples with your patch. "
1	"In the case of a larger feature, create a test. "
1	"Submit a pull request. "
1	"We will review your contribution and, if any additional fixes or modifications are necessary, may provide feedback to guide you. "
1	"When accepted, your pull request will be merged to the repository. "
1	"Update CONTRIBUTING.md and include it in future releases. "
1	"Finally, create a pull request. "
1	"We'll then review and merge it. "
1	"In any case, thank you very much for your contributions! "
1	"Many contributors, including myself, are also not native speakers, so we may misread some parts. "
1	"Other editors will require external contributions. "
1	"Contributing to Black. "
1	"In terms of inspiration, Black is about as configurable as gofmt. "
1	"This is deliberate. "
1	"Bug reports and fixes are always welcome! "
1	"However, before you suggest a new feature or configuration knob, ask yourself why you want it. "
1	"If it enables better integration with some workflow, fixes an inconsistency, speeds things up, and so on - go for it! "
1	"On the other hand, if your answer is "because I don't like a particular formatting" then you're not ready to embrace Black yet. "
1	"Such changes are unlikely to get accepted. "
1	"You can still try but prepare to be disappointed. "
1	"More details can be found in CONTRIBUTING. "
1	"How to Contribute. "
1	"We welcome community contributions to nGraph. "
1	"If you have an idea for how to improve it. "
1	"Share your proposal via GitHub issues. "
1	"Ensure you can build the product and run all the examples with your patch. "
1	"In the case of a larger feature, create a test. "
1	"Submit a pull request. "
1	"We will review your contribution and, if any additional fixes or modifications are necessary, may provide feedback to guide you. "
1	"When accepted, your pull request will be merged to the repository. "
1	"To contribute to Django, check out https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/contributing/ for information about getting involved. "
1	"Contributing. "
1	"Please read through our contributing guidelines. "
1	"Included are directions for opening issues, coding standards, and notes on development. "
1	"Moreover, if your pull request contains JavaScript patches or features, you must include relevant unit tests. "
1	"All HTML and CSS should conform to the Code Guide, maintained by Mark Otto. "
1	"Editor preferences are available in the editor config for easy use in common text editors. "
1	"Read more and download plugins at https://editorconfig.org/. "
1	"Community. "
1	"Get updates on Bootstrap's development and chat with the project maintainers and community members. "
1	"Follow @getbootstrap on Twitter. "
1	"Read and subscribe to The Official Bootstrap Blog. "
1	"Join the official Slack room. "
1	"Chat with fellow Bootstrappers in IRC. "
1	"On the irc.freenode.net server, in the ##bootstrap channel. "
1	"Implementation help may be found at Stack Overflow (tagged bootstrap-4). "
1	"Developers should use the keyword bootstrap on packages which modify or add to the functionality of Bootstrap when distributing through npm or similar. "
1	"delivery mechanisms for maximum discoverability. "
1	"How To Contribute. "
1	"Please read CONTRIBUTING. "
1	"If you're new to Github, welcome! "
1	"We've set up a separate document for our contribution guidelines. "
1	"Contributing to Node.js. "
1	"Contributing to the project. "
1	"Working Groups. "
1	"Strategic Initiatives. "
1	"You are welcome to contribute to this exciting project. "
1	"Please first check Issue lists for "help wanted" tag and comment the one you are interested. "
1	"We will assign the issue to you. "
1	"Fork the master branch and add your improvement/modification/fix. "
1	"Create a pull request to development branch and follow the pull request template PR template. "
1	"Automatic tests will be triggered. "
1	"Make sure all tests are passed. "
1	"Please make sure all added modules are accompanied with proper test functions. "
1	"To make sure the code has the same style and standard, please refer to abod.py, hbos.py, or feature_bagging.py for example. "
1	"You are also welcome to share your ideas by opening an issue or dropping me an email at zhaoy@cmu.edu :) "
1	"You are welcome to contribute to the Steppy library. "
1	"Please check CONTRIBUTING for more information. "
1	"You can learn more about using and contributing to CNTK with the following resources: "
1	"General documentation. "
1	"Python API documentation. "
1	"Evaluation documentation (C++, C#/.NET, Python, Java). "
1	"Manual. "
1	"Tutorials. "
1	"Examples. "
1	"Pretrained models. "
1	"Blog. "
1	"Presentations. "
1	"I happily welcome your contributions here! "
1	"Please adhere to contributing.md, when contributing code. "
1	"Pull requests that deviate from the contributing.md, could be labelled as invalid, and closed (without merging to master). "
1	"These best practices will ensure integrity, when revisions of code, or issues need to be reviewed. "
1	"Note: support, and philantropy can be inquired, to further assist with development. "
1	"Contribute to XGBoost. "
1	"XGBoost has been developed and used by a group of active community members. "
1	"Your help is very valuable to make the package better for everyone. "
1	"Checkout the Community Page. "
1	"How to contribute "
1	"Please subscribe to our development mailing list dev-subscribe@singa.incubator.apache.org. "
1	"If you find any issues using SINGA, please report it to the Issue Tracker. "
1	"You can also contact with SINGA committers directly. "
1	"More details on contributing to SINGA is described here . "
1	"Thanks to all our contributing authors, including (in chronological order): "
1	"We would like to thank the Python community for building an amazing architecture. "
1	"We would like to thank the statistics community for building an amazing architecture. "
1	"b"# Contributing. "
1	"Your contributions are always welcome!. "
1	"## Guidelines. "
1	"* Add one link per Pull Request. "
1	"* Make sure the PR title is in the format of `Add project-name`. "
1	"* Write down the reason why the library is awesome. "
1	"* Add the link: `* [project-name](http://example.com/) - A short description ends with a period.` "
1	" * Keep descriptions concise. "
1	"* Add a section if needed. "
1	"* Add the section description. "
1	"* Add the section title to Table of Contents. "
1	"* Search previous Pull Requests or Issues before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate. "
1	"* Don't mention `Python` in the description as it's implied. "
1	"* Check your spelling and grammar. "
1	"* Remove any trailing whitespace. "
1	"". "
1	"Contributing "
1	"============. "
1	"Contributions are welcome!. "
1	"**Please carefully read this page to make the code review process go as smoothly as possible and to maximize the likelihood of your contribution being merged.**. "
1	"## Bug Reports. "
1	"For bug reports or requests [submit an issue](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer/issues). "
1	"## Pull Requests. "
1	"The preferred way to contribute is to fork the "
1	"[main repository](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer) on GitHub. "
1	"1. "
1	"Fork the [main repository](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer). "
1	"Click on the \'Fork\' button near the top of the page. "
1	"This creates a copy of the code under your account on the GitHub server. "
1	"2. "
1	"Clone this copy to your local disk:. "
1	"$ git clone git@github.com:YourLogin/system-design-primer.git "
1	" $ cd system-design-primer. "
1	"3. "
1	"Create a branch to hold your changes and start making changes. "
1	"Don\'t work in the `master` branch!. "
1	"$ git checkout -b my-feature. "
1	"4. "
1	"Work on this copy on your computer using Git to do the version control. "
1	"When you\'re done editing, run the following to record your changes in Git:. "
1	"$ git add modified_files "
1	" $ git commit. "
1	"5. "
1	"Push your changes to GitHub with:. "
1	"$ git push -u origin my-feature. "
1	"6. "
1	"Finally, go to the web page of your fork of the `system-design-primer` repo and click \'Pull Request\' to send your changes for review. "
1	"### GitHub Pull Requests Docs. "
1	"If you are not familiar with pull requests, review the [pull request docs](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/). "
1	"## Translations. "
1	"We\'d like for the guide to be available in many languages. "
1	"Here is the process for maintaining translations:. "
1	"* This original version and content of the guide is maintained in English. "
1	"* Translations follow the content of the original. "
1	"Unfortunately, contributors must speak at least some English, so that translations do not diverge. "
1	"* Each translation has a maintainer to update the translation as the original evolves and to review others\' changes. "
1	"This doesn\'t require a lot of time, but review by the maintainer is important to maintain quality. "
1	"### Changes to translations. "
1	"* Changes to content should be made to the English version first, and then translated to each other language. "
1	"* Changes that improve translations should be made directly on the file for that language. "
1	"PRs should only modify one language at a time. "
1	"* Submit a PR with changes to the file in that language. "
1	"Each language has a maintainer, who reviews changes in that language. "
1	"Then the primary maintainer @donnemartin merges it in. "
1	"* Prefix PRs and issues with language codes if they are for that translation only, e.g. "
1	""es: Improve grammar", so maintainers can find them easily. "
1	"### Adding translations to new languages. "
1	"Translations to new languages are always welcome, especially if you can maintain the translation!. "
1	"* Check existing issues to see if a translation is in progress or stalled. "
1	"If so, offer to help. "
1	"* If it is not in progress, file an issue for your language so people know you are working on it and we can arrange. "
1	"Confirm you are native level in the language and are willing to maintain the translation, so it\'s not orphaned. "
1	"* To get it started, fork the repo, then submit a PR with the single file README-xx.md added, where xx is the language code. "
1	"Use standard [IETF language tags](https://www.w3.org/International/articles/language-tags/), i.e. "
1	"the same as is used by Wikipedia, *not* the code for a single country. "
1	"These are usually just the two-letter lowercase code, for example, `fr` for French and `uk` for Ukrainian (not `ua`, which is for the country). "
1	"For languages that have variations, use the shortest tag, such as `zh-Hant`. "
1	"* Invite friends to review if possible. "
1	"If desired, feel free to invite friends to help your original translation by letting them fork your repo, then merging their PRs. "
1	"* Add links to your translation at the top of every README*.md file. "
1	"(For consistency, the link should be added in alphabetical order by ISO code, and the anchor text should be in the native language.) "
1	"* When done, indicate on the PR that it\'s ready to be merged into the main repo. "
1	"* Once accepted, your PR will be squashed into a single commit into the `master` branch. "
1	"### Translation template credits. "
1	"Thanks to [The Art of Command Line](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line) for the translation template. "
1	"b"# Contributing guidelines. "
1	"If you have created a model and would like to publish it here, please send us a "
1	"pull request. "
1	"For those just getting started with pull requests, GitHub has a "
1	"[howto](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/). "
1	"The code for any model in this repository is licensed under the Apache License "
1	"In order to accept our code, we have to make sure that we can publish your code: "
1	"You have to sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA). "
1	"We appreciate all contributions. "
1	"A non-exhaustive but growing list needs to mention: Trevor Killeen, Sasank Chilamkurthy, Sergey Zagoruyko, Adam Lerer, Francisco Massa, Alykhan Tejani, Luca Antiga, Alban Desmaison, Andreas Kopf, James Bradbury, Zeming Lin, Yuandong Tian, Guillaume Lample, Marat Dukhan, Natalia Gimelshein, Christian Sarofeen, Martin Raison, Edward Yang, Zachary Devito. "
1	"### How to contribute #### What to contribute? "
1	"Please contribute if you find any bug in xLearn. "
1	"Contribute to the documents to make it clearer for everyone. "
1	"Open issue if you met problems during development. "
1	"File a new issue or submit a new pull request if you have some code you'd like to contribute. "
1	"Development Want to contribute? "
1	"Contributing Please read through our contributing guidelines. "
1	"Contributors Check the list of contributors. "
1	"You can suggest us of new improvements you want by creating new Issue here. "
1	"Contributors: - Akarsha Sehwag (@aksh98) - Kushagra Arora (@kushagra7589) "
1	"In your commit messages, refer to this issue. "
1	"Community Slack — Come join almost a thousand members discussing the future of the project. "
1	"Special Thanks All the amazing contributors❤️. "
1	"Contributing Contributions are welcome! "
1	"Contributing Want to help build Compose? "
1	"Check out our contributing documentation. "
1	"Contributions are most welcome! "
1	"Many thanks for your participation!! "
1	"We need your support! "
1	"Thanks everybody for contributing. "
1	"Contributing is always welcome. "
1	"Thank you to all contributors! "
1	"Check out our contributing documentation. "
1	"Bug Reports, GitHub Issue Tracker, 🎁 Feature Requests| GitHub Issue Tracker, 👩‍💻 Usage Questions, Stack Overflow, Gitter Chat, Reddit User Group, 🗯 General Discussion, Gitter Chat, Reddit User  "
1	"Acknowledgements We thank Jaakko Lehtinen, David Luebke, and Tuomas Kynkäänniemi for in-depth discussions and helpful comments; Janne Hellsten, Tero Kuosmanen, and Pekka Jänis for compute infrastructure and help with the code release. "
1	"If you're a Python or Django developer, fork the repo and get stuck in! "
1	"Take a look at the data files in the chatterbot-corpus package if you are interested in contributing. "
1	"Thanks to some awesome contributers , packaging Gooey as an executable is super easy. "
1	"Contributions of additional training data or training data in other languages would be greatly appreciated. "
1	"Create a fork of the main ChatterBot repository on GitHub. "
1	"Related Projects List of known projects that fork or use changes from ungoogled-chromium "
1	"The development of Mailpile is funded by a large community of backers. "
1	"ow to Contribute You are welcome to contribute to the project as follow: fork project and commit pull requests, add/edit wiki, report/fix issue code review, commit new feature, add testcase. "
1	"Contributing See guidelines for contributing here. "
1	"Contributing Interested in contributing to Deis? "
1	"Contributions to Gixy are always welcome! "
1	"There are tasks for contributors of all experience levels. "
1	"How to setup my contributor environment? "
1	"To learn more about who specifically contributed to this codebase, see our contributors page. "
1	"Please use Rasa Community Forum for quick answers to questions. "
1	"Visit our contributor guidelines for additional details. "
1	"To correct this table, please create a new issue. "
1	"For more details, see the file CONTRIBUTING.md. "
1	"Thanks for your interest in contributing! "
1	"Faster R-CNN was initially described in an  arXiv tech report  and was subsequently published in NIPS 2015. "
1	"It results in faster (~ 1.5x speedup) training times and similar detection accuracy. "
1	"We should have awe-inspiring speed and crazy-good compression. "
1	"Contributions are welcome. "
1	"Visit our  contributor guidelines  for additional details. "
1	"Please use  Rasa Community Forum  for quick answers to questions. "
1	"Community : Discord Chat "
1	"Issue Tracking Marathon uses JIRA to track issues, so please, going forward please use JIRA always. "
1	"Contributors are usually available to field questions, give advice and discuss ideas on the Gitter channel , and for people wanting to take their first steps at contributing we have a selection of open issues flagged up as being good candidates to take on. "
1	"Authors Marathon was created by Tobias Knaup and Florian Leibert and continues to be developed by the team at Mesosphere and by many contributors from the community. "
1	"There wasn't enough contribution to warrant keeping it in Java The packages were all namespaced under a person's name and not the company's name Scala is more fun  Issues It was a pretty fast Java to Scala port so lots of the nicities of the Scala language aren't in the codebase yet. "
1	"Become a member of the community by contributing to our codebase. "
1	"You can find more plugins made by the community at GitBucket community plugins. "
1	"We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all, and ask that the community adhere to the Scala Code of Conduct. "
1	"Also be sure to check out the community wiki for the chapter notes , links to more reading, and more. "
1	"Contributing We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow Twitter's Open Source Code of Conduct in all interactions with the community. "
1	"See CONTRIBUTING.md for info on contributing changes. "
1	"Community Prisma has a community of thousands of amazing developers and contributors. "
1	"See CONTRIBUTING.md for contribution guidelines. "
1	"Community help with keeping the build working on Windows is appreciated. "
1	"Community You can join these groups and chats to discuss and ask Akka related questions:  Forums: discuss.akka.io Chat room about using Akka: Issue tracker: In addition to that, you may enjoy following:  The news section of the page, which is updated whenever a new version is released The Akka Team Blog @akkateam on Twitter Questions tagged #akka on StackOverflow Projects built with Akka! "
1	"Get help on Stack Overflow Community Gitter Chat Contributors Gitter! "
1	"We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all, and ask that the community adhere to the Scala Code of Conduct. "
1	"To request a community build run on your PR, just ask in a comment on the PR and a Scala team member (probably @SethTisue) will take care of it. "
1	"Contributing We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow Twitter's Open Source Code of Conduct in all interactions with the community. "
1	"Community builds run on the Scala Jenkins instance. "
1	"Questions or need help?Ask the community! "
1	"See the scala/community-builds repo. "
1	"The project uses Slack to facilitate conversation in our community. "
1	"We welcome contributions to Delta Lake. "
1	"Refer to the CONTRIBUTING.md file for more details about the workflow, and general hints on how to prepare your pull request. "
1	"You can also ask for clarifications or guidance in GitHub issues directly, or in the akka/dev chat if a more real time communication would be of benefit. "
1	"If you are interested in contributing, please visit the community page for ways in which you can help. "
1	"We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow Twitter's Open Source Code of Conduct in all interactions with the community. "
1	"This guide document introduce how to contribute to CarbonData. "
1	"You can also contact the community for getting answers. "
1	"We monitor channels listed below for comments/questions. "
1	"Support Any problem? Contact us for help. "
1	"Forum for a high-level discussion with the wider community before implementation. "
1	"Sign up for our Community Newsletter to get regular tips, learn about other use-cases and get alerted of blogposts and tutorials about Realm. "
1	"For larger changes and feature ideas, we ask that you propose it on the unofficial Community Forum for a high-level discussion with the wider community before implementation. "
1	"Welcome contribute your amazing animation effect. "
1	"To contribute, you need to work with libGDX' sources directly, something normal users do not have to go through. "
1	"Contributing: Code Instructions on how to setup your development environment and build Signal can be found in BUILDING.md. "
1	"Before you open an issue or create a pull request, please read Contributing Guide first. "
1	"The terms of the license are as follows: The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2004 Kohsuke Kawaguchi, Sun Microsystems Inc., and a number of other contributors. "
1	"If you would like to contribute, please send an email to dev@dubbo.apache.org to let us know! "
1	"Thanks to Haase & Martin OHG for contributing the logo. "
1	"Contributers  craya1982  Thanks  Inspired by in daimajia. "
1	"How can I contribute? Answer questions on issues. Review the existing pull request. Reporting a security vulnerability Please report security vulnerability to us privately. "
1	"Glide is open source. "
1	"Think you found a bug? Open an issue. "
1	"Have a feature request? Open an issue. "
1	"Get involved in the community forum or check out the wiki! "
1	"For more details, see the Contributing docs page . "
1	"We have an ever-growing community of users and engine developers.  "
1	"The main community channels are listed on the homepage. "
1	"To get in touch with the developers, the best way is to join the IRC channel on Freenode. "
1	"To get started contributing to the project, see the contributing guide. "
1	"Please read the contribution guidelines before submitting a pull request. "
1	"This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute."
0	"Suitable for Unix and Unix-like systems (Linux, macOS, etc.)."
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"MultiNEAT is a portable software library for performing neuroevolution, a form of machine learning that trains neural networks with a genetic algorithm."
0	"Docker toolbox portable for Windows systems."
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"This is a userland SCTP stack supporting FreeBSD, Linux, MacOS and Windows."
0	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product"."
0	"It helps you build your bots using similar API for multiple platforms, e.g. Messenger, LINE. "
0	"Alacritty currently supports macOS, Linux, BSD, and Windows."
0	"The Data Transfer Project makes it easy for people to transfer their data between online service providers. "
0	"Docker toolbox portable for Windows systems."
0	"Portable Computing Language."
0	"Most software developers agree that portability is a desirable attribute for their software projects."
0	"Portable Unix shell commands for Node.js"
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"Docker toolbox portable for Windows systems."
0	"Portability is not a binary attribute. "
0	"Avoid code changes when deploying your application between Linux and Windows based systems."
0	"In spite of the recognized importance of portability, there is little guidance for the systematic inclusion of portability considerations in the development process."
0	"Portability is a characteristic attributed to a computer program if it can be used in an operating systems other than the one in which it was created without requiring major rework. "
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library."
0	"Supports all of the most used modern browsers: Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari."
0	"We distinguish two major phases of the application porting process."
0	"Most of these are considered benign changes that shouldn't affect most applications; however, we understand that what may be low impact for one scenario may be a very impactful breaking change for another."
0	"Halide is a language for fast, portable data-parallel computation."
0	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another. "
0	"TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature."
0	"You can use it to eliminate your shell script's dependency on Unix while still keeping its familiar and powerful commands."
0	"Bindings for all common programming languages are available and well-supported."
0	"There are both costs and benefits associated with developing software in a portable manner. These costs and benefits take a variety of forms."
0	"It runs on a variety of compilers and operating systems, including Windows (with MinGW or Visual Studio, x86 and x86_64), iOS and Android."
0	"This makes it easier to create cross-platform .NET libraries and apps."
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"Games can be exported in one click to a number of platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, MacOS, Windows) as well as mobile (Android, iOS) and web-based (HTML5) platforms."
0	"There are both costs and benefits associated with developing software in a portable manner. These costs and benefits take a variety of forms."
0	"Avalonia is a WPF/UWP-inspired cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of Operating Systems such as Windows (.NET Framework, .NET Core), Linux (via Xorg), MacOS and with experimental support for Android and iOS."
0	"A portable SCTP userland stack."
0	"Messaging APIs for multi-platform."
0	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"Bindings for all common programming languages are available and well-supported."
0	"According to some definitions, software is portable only if the executable files can be run on a new platform without change. "
0	"It can be actually run in a variety of architectures, operating systems and using different GPU Compute APIs."
0	"It supports the following platforms: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS."
0	"The folder would likely have many subfolders, and they would all copy in the same transaction."
0	"A fast, portable, flexible JavaScript component framework."
0	"Ideally, such a program needs only to be compiled for the operating system to which it is being ported. "
0	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C."
0	"MultiNEAT is a portable software library for performing neuroevolution, a form of machine learning that trains neural networks with a genetic algorithm."
0	"It supports the following platforms: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS."
0	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms."
0	"Compilers for high level languages generate code that follow certain conventions. "
0	"If you need legacy browser support you can use HTML5 Boilerplate v6 (IE9/IE10) or HTML5 Boilerplate v5 (IE 8). They are no longer actively developed."
0	"These conventions are necessary, in part, for separate compilation to work. "
0	"Portable Unix shell commands for Node.js"
0	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web."
0	"In addition, it's often simply not possible to "work around" an issue with an operating system in the same way that conditional compilation can resolve one with the compiler."
0	"A dynamic framework is designed to be installed in your operating system and portable to other environments."
0	"This doesn't mean that HTML5 Boilerplate cannot be used in older browsers, just that we'll ensure compatibility with the ones mentioned above."
0	"The alternative to porting software to a new environment is redeveloping it based on the original specifications."
0	"Docker toolbox portable for Windows systems."
0	"The "build environment" is the set of all software and tools required to go from "source code" to "delivered product"."
0	"The "calling convention" is essentially a set of assumptions made by the compiler about where function arguments will be found on entry to a function."
0	"These differing APIs make it harder to write cross-platform code. "
0	"A Foundation for Scalable Cross-Platform Apps."
0	"An application that can be easily moved from one computer to another. "
0	"Learn once and make writing cross-platform bots easier."
0	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control."
0	"Bear should be quite portable on UNIX operating systems."
0	"However, that means you can't take advantage of Portable Class Libraries, and in any case may not scale well as your code gets complex (and especially because for WinRT you need to use async APIs)."
0	"Portability in high-level computer programming is the usability of the same software in different environments."
0	"A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library."
0	"You can use it to eliminate your shell script's dependency on Unix while still keeping its familiar and powerful commands."
0	"Shadowsocks-Qt5 is a native and cross-platform shadowsocks GUI client with advanced features."
0	"The Apache Portable Runtime Library provides a predictable and consistent interface to underlying platform-specific implementations, with an API to which software developers may code and be assured of predictable if not identical behavior regardless of the platform on which their software is built, relieving them of the need to code special-case conditions to work around or take advantage of platform-specific deficiencies or features."
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"Java applets in the form of precompiled bytecode can be sent from a server program in one operating system to a client program (your Web browser) in another operating system without change."
0	"Portable file system cache diagnostics and control."
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"The portable version contains everything which is required to run the application on Windows systems."
0	"We are establishing a common framework, including data models and protocols, to enable direct transfer of data both into and out of participating online service providers. "
0	"Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface. "
0	"With regards to Windows apps, such programs would not use the Registry. "
0	"This is a small and portable implementation of the AES ECB, CTR and CBC encryption algorithms written in C."
0	"MultiNEAT is a portable software library for performing neuroevolution, a form of machine learning that trains neural networks with a genetic algorithm."
0	"Transportation and adaptation. Adaptation includes most of the modifications that need to be made to the original software, including automated retranslation. "
0	"Others may feel that a significant amount of restructuring at the source level is still consistent with portability. "
0	"Multi-platform toolkit."
0	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms."
0	"Learn once and make writing cross-platform bots easier."
0	"Transportation and adaptation. Adaptation includes most of the modifications that need to be made to the original software, including automated retranslation. "
0	"See the official docs for compilation instructions for every supported platform."
0	"No windows or any other operative system (MacOS or Linux) dependency."
0	"libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. "
0	"GTK is a multi-platform toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces. "
0	"No windows or any other operative system (MacOS or Linux) dependency."
0	"In general, programs that adhere to standard program interfaces are portable. "
0	"The first goal of these tools are to help identify APIs that are not portable among the various .NET Platforms."
0	"Portability is a characteristic attributed to a computer program if it can be used in an operating systems other than the one in which it was created without requiring major rework. "
0	"RNE components are rendered perfectly on browser. You can achieve this to target iOS, Android and Web by collaborating RNE and React Native for Web."
0	"The useful life of an application, for example, is likely to be extended, and its user base increased, if it can be migrated to various platforms over its lifetime. "
0	"The concept of software portability has different meanings to different people. "
0	"In addition, it's often simply not possible to "work around" an issue with an operating system in the same way that conditional compilation can resolve one with the compiler."
0	"We are establishing a common framework, including data models and protocols, to enable direct transfer of data both into and out of participating online service providers. "
0	"These differing APIs make it harder to write cross-platform code. "
0	"One approach to the problem of portable software is the design of a universal, hypothetical computer and the implementation of a simulator of the hypothetical computer on the actual machines under consideration."
0	"Non portable USB applications are typically dependent on a particular brand of USB drive."
0	"If you are launching Android Studio from the macOS Finder, you should also run the following two commands."
0	"Simple and complete React DOM testing utilities that encourage good testing practices."
0	"JavaScript Testing utilities for React."
0	"A programming team will perform four types of maintenance on new deployments or enhancements: corrective, adaptive, perfective, and preventative. "
0	"Exploit Reliability Testing System is used to test reliability of hitting EIP=0x41414141. "
0	"The FSCQ bug would result in fdatasync not persisting data correctly to the file system."
0	"JavaScript Testing utilities for React."
0	"Software maintainability is defined as the degree to which an application is understood, repaired, or enhanced. "
0	"Send error messages to the original developer if it’s third party package’s problem."
0	"In this tutorial, you will be using unittest test cases and the unittest test runner. "
0	"Approximately 75 percent of the cost is related to software maintenance. "
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"Hence why I didn't write any unit test for this case."
0	"Web based support portal eg with online fault / query submission, download fixes / product information"
0	"Robust principal component analysis."
0	"Monitor and report execution errors and malfunctionings."
0	"A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources."
0	"In this tutorial, you will be using unittest test cases and the unittest test runner. "
0	"- Fix bug in Disruptor DSL where some consumers wouldn\'t be included in the gating sequences."
0	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems."
0	"Software maintainability is the degree of an application to repaired or enhanced it. During the system development life cycle (SDLC) this phase requires more development effort than any other phase. "
0	"Sysadmins are then tasked with running the service and responding to events and updates as they occur. As the system grows in complexity and traffic volume, generating a corresponding increase in events and updates, the sysadmin team grows to absorb the additional work.This file is part of Exploit Reliability Testing System."
0	"Fast and robust Emacs setup."
0	"Protection against any stray console statements causing JavaScript errors in older browsers."
0	"As the number of possible tests for even simple software components is practically infinite, all software testing uses some strategy to select tests that are feasible for the available time and resources."
0	"A program that contains a large number of bugs, and/or bugs that seriously interfere with its functionality, is said to be buggy (defective). "
0	"Anything that the end user needs to know in order to use the software should be made available on screen."
0	"Try hard to make tests that run fast."
0	"This will give you more confidence that you did not break anything in the rest of the code."
0	"Robust IO tools for loading data."
0	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability."
0	"High-quality software is as concise as possible given its requirements."
0	"Missing command errors: This happens to occur when an expected command is missing."
0	"It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks."
0	"If something is missing or not working as expected, your customers will tell you faster than you can fix or implement it. "
0	"Simple and complete React DOM testing utilities that encourage good testing practices."
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"Thanks to the administrator for coming up with a fix for an important bug."
0	"These activities will take additional time to complete if the code is not easy to manage in the first place. An application with these qualities will require increased programming effort: Poor Code Quality, Source Code Defects, Undetected Vulnerabilities, Excessive Technical Complexity, Large Systems, Poorly Documented Systems, Excessive Dead Code."
0	"iOS in-app bug reporting for developers and testers, with annotated screenshots and the console log."
0	"Web based support portal eg with online fault / query submission, download fixes / product information"
0	"Fix bug of DateSupport.count error."
0	"Web based support portal eg with online fault / query submission, download fixes / product information"
0	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests."
0	"Sysadmins are then tasked with running the service and responding to events and updates as they occur. As the system grows in complexity and traffic volume, generating a corresponding increase in events and updates, the sysadmin team grows to absorb the additional work.This file is part of Exploit Reliability Testing System."
0	"CrashMonkey: tools for testing file-system reliability."
0	"A collection of awesome penetration testing resources."
0	"Many different reasons for software failure such as errors, abiguities, misinterpretation of specifications, inaqdequate testing or unexpected usages."
0	"Support to fix bugs in constructors currently is under testing."
0	"Always run the full test suite before a coding session, and run it again after. "
0	"Support for your organisation, in your geographical location"
0	"Various bug fixes released with last version."
0	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems."
0	"Robolectric is the industry-standard unit testing framework for Android. "
0	"Responding to queries / faults within the quoted time scales"
0	"Bugsnag error monitoring and crash reporting tool for PHP apps."
0	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle. "
0	"It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks."
0	"Use 'make test' command to run all unit and acceptance tests."
0	"Software maintainability is defined as the degree to which an application is understood, repaired, or enhanced. "
0	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites."
0	"Software maintenance is a part of Software Development Life Cycle. "
0	"Each test must be able to run alone, and also within the test suite, regardless of the order that they are called. "
0	"Full or multiple levels of software support and maintenance"
0	"StorIO has unit and integration tests."
0	"Software maintainability is important because it is approximately 75% of the cost related to a project."
0	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs."
0	"In fast-paced modern development teams, you should aim to build software that is easy to transfer between development teams and easy to adapt to other purposes. "
0	"Approximately 75 percent of the cost is related to software maintenance. "
0	"Software is better quality if you can adapt it to changing user requirements quickly and cost-efficiently."
0	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability."
0	"Its main purpose is to modify and update software application after delivery to correct faults and to improve performance. "
0	"Maintainability repair or replace the faulty components and make the software even better as compared to the previous condition of the software."
0	"Fundamentally, it's what happens when you ask a software engineer to design an operations function."
0	"Pug – robust, elegant, feature rich template engine for Node.js."
0	"The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems."
0	"Missing command errors: This happens to occur when an expected command is missing."
0	"Support for your organisation, in your geographical location"
0	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs."
0	"Bug report should include details (OS, Emacs version …)."
0	"StorIO has unit and integration tests."
0	"A professional front-end template for building fast, robust, and adaptable web apps or sites."
0	"Due to this bug, the orbiter crashed almost immediately when it arrived at Mars."
0	"The Site Reliability Workbook is the hands-on companion to the bestselling Site Reliability Engineering book and uses concrete examples to show how to put SRE principles and practices to work. "
0	"Bug report should include details (OS, Emacs version …)."
0	"Robust IO tools for loading data."
0	"The Spot Bugs plugin for security audits of Java web applications and Android applications. "
0	"As the number of possible tests for even simple software components is practically infinite, all software testing uses some strategy to select tests that are feasible for the available time and resources."
0	"Its main purpose is to modify and update software application after delivery to correct faults and to improve performance. "
0	"Is totally reliable and consistently perform the required software functions."
0	"Provides backup and restore facilities for programs and data."
0	"- Fix bug in Disruptor DSL where some consumers wouldn\'t be included in the gating sequences."
0	"Write a unit test to show the issue!"
0	"Improvements and bug fixes related to the taint analysis."
0	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities. "
0	"As you write your tests, bugs in the code may be revealed, feel free to correct and refactor the source code to satisfy your tests."
0	"Maintainability also includes the addition of new functionality or the adaptation of software to meet new requirements for the customer needs."
0	"Write a unit test to show the issue!"
0	"With Robolectric, your tests run in a simulated Android environment inside a JVM, without the overhead of an emulator."
0	"StorIO has unit and integration tests."
0	"Try hard to make tests that run fast."
0	"Simple and complete React DOM testing utilities that encourage good testing practices."
0	"Protection against any stray console statements causing JavaScript errors in older browsers."
0	"A programming team will perform four types of maintenance on new deployments or enhancements: corrective, adaptive, perfective, and preventative. "
0	"StorIO has unit and integration tests."
0	"Fast and robust Emacs setup."
0	"Welcome to the wonderful world of automated testing, specifically unit testing. "
0	"A fundamental problem with software testing is that testing under all combinations of inputs and preconditions (initial state) is not feasible, even with a simple product."
0	"In fast-paced modern development teams, you should aim to build software that is easy to transfer between development teams and easy to adapt to other purposes. "
0	"It may have originally been used in hardware engineering to describe mechanical malfunctions."
0	"Fixed bug when page is too small to scroll."
0	"Write a unit test to show the issue!"
0	"Recognizing these realities and deficiencies, we are placing Ribbon in maintenance mode."
0	"Fundamentally, it's what happens when you ask a software engineer to design an operations function."
0	"Python library for adversarial attacks and defenses (evasion, poisoning) for neural networks with multiple framework support."
0	"Software is better quality if you can adapt it to changing user requirements quickly and cost-efficiently."
0	"Software Reliability is hard to achieve, as the complexity of software tends to be high:serious problems may arise."
0	"Is totally reliable and consistently perform the required software functions."
0	"Each test must be able to run alone, and also within the test suite, regardless of the order that they are called. "
0	"It is also used to make future maintenance easier. "
0	"track down the problem, reproduce the bug, test and deploy the fix" cycle simply does not work in most large and complex production systems. "
0	"Fixed bug when page is too small to scroll."
0	"Thanks to the administrator for coming up with a fix for an important bug."
0	"Providing fixes to repair faults"
0	"Maintainability index—this metric is a compound metric that includes cyclomatic complexity, total lines of code, and comments ratio (ratio of code to comments) to measure maintainability."
0	"This standard describes an iterative process for managing and executing software maintenance activities. "
0	"A workshop for learning how to test JavaScript applications. "
0	"Speeding up Deep Neural Networks with Adaptive Computation and Efficient Multi-Scale Architectures."
0	"WebPagetest - Website Performance and Optimization Test."
0	"Memory management in Python involves a private heap that contains all Python objects and data structures."
0	"Find the best Performance Appraisal Software for your business."
0	"Verify response time of the application under low, normal, moderate and heavy load conditions."
0	"Steppy is a lightweight, open-source, Python library for fast and reproducible experimentation."
0	"Multi-scale dense networks for resource efficient image classification."
0	"This thesis proposes a method which uses the response model R to analyze the relations between software performance/efficiency and resource from the software and hardware architectural perspective, hence provide a neat way for the performance or efficiency optimization. "
0	"Sharded across multiple processes, with distributed querying built in Prometheus PromQL Support Tag-based Indexing."
0	"If a query searches multiple fields, create a compound index. Scanning an index is much faster than scanning a collection. "
0	"When retrieving data by row key and then by range, you get a fast and efficient access pattern due to minimal disk seeks – time series data is an excellent fit for this type of pattern."
0	"Efficiency testing tests the amount of resources required by a program to perform a specific function."
0	"Make use of optimal memory and nonvolatile storage."
0	"Performance Testing for Modin is built into the Jenkins build system. Perf Data from these tests are stored in S3. Use these notebooks to analyze these performance numbers."
0	"Website and Server Uptime Monitoring - Pingdom (Free Signup Link)."
0	"PWMetrics - CLI tool and lib to gather performance metrics."
0	"A 32 bit application, using a 32 bit version of windows, is pretty RAM efficient."
0	"Therefore,finding a method for resource allocation optimization is crucial to achieve software efficiency or performance optimization at the software architectural level. "
0	"Tungsten suppresses virtual functions and leverages close to bare metal performance by focusing on jobs CPU and memory efficiency."
0	"Ensure the best speed or run time for completing the algorithm."
0	"An efficient densenet using learned group convolutions."
0	"However, with very large corpora, loading the entire text at once (and retaining it) can be memory-intensive."
0	"Metrics for energy efficient software rely on its useful work done."
0	"It could be more than double the RAM requirements."
0	"A cluster is called noisy if there are lots of jobs and users which compete for resources and there are not enough resources to run all the jobs simultaneously."
0	"📖 Make the Web Faster | Google Developers."
0	"CPU interrupts per second - is the avg. number of hardware interrupts a processor is receiving and processing each second."
0	"It could be more than double the RAM requirements."
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"There are many ways to create rounded corners in android, but this is the fastest and best one that I know of because it:"
0	"Adding a classfier to trained with conditions and constraint G works faster and better than appending conditions to images for D training."
0	"While neither language is suitable for latency-sensitive applications, Java is still a great deal faster than Python."
0	"It is faster at single document reads but couldn’t compete when it comes to aggregations or 2nd neighbors selections. "
0	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries. "
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"The aggregation in ArangoDB is efficient which defines the baseline, only an explicit table column age in PostgreSQL is much faster."
0	"While this is one of the advantages of non-relational databases the ability to cope with large and unstructured amounts of data."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"While this is one of the advantages of non-relational databases the ability to cope with large and unstructured amounts of data."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"Performance with the Completer API is better since Python executes faster than other alternatives."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Performance is where Java has a substantial advantage over Python."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"They both treat (nearly) everything as objects. "
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"Specialized implementations offer better performance compared to standard APIs."
0	"One of the fastest Python frameworks available"
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"the configuration files are now much smaller than before."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"Specialized implementations offer better performance compared to standard APIs."
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"KaTeX is faster than MathJax on mobile environment, but MathJax supports more features and is much more beautiful."
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Note: the shortest path query was not tested for some solutions as it would have to be implemented completely on the client side."
0	"Both languages compile to bytecode, but Python is (usually) compiled at runtime. "
0	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)!"
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Specialized implementations offer better performance compared to standard APIs."
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"Performance is where Java has a substantial advantage over Python."
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"Another issue with the latter one is the owner’s focus on MariaDB development along with refuse to accept community patches and to provide sustainability plan. "
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries. "
0	"KaTeX is faster than MathJax on mobile environment, but MathJax supports more features and is much more beautiful."
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB. "
0	"It is bigger than your average tutorial and smaller than an actual book."
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"The tests show that multi-model databases can compete with single model databases. "
0	"Adding a classfier to trained with conditions and constraint G works faster and better than appending conditions to images for D training."
0	"These factors have resulted in a standstill, though this solution is still the go-to solution for multiple companies worldwide."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"The tests show that multi-model databases can compete with single model databases. "
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"This is helpful for more sophisticated visualizations in which configuration is meaningful, e.g."
0	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB. "
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"Comparing the speed, developers note that the latter one lacks speed and experience difficulties with large data volumes, so it’ll be a better choice for companies with smaller databases and looking for a more general solution. "
0	"BlurKit is faster than other blurring libraries due to a number of bitmap retrieval and drawing optimizations."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"This utility will help to pull messages from Kafka using Spark Streaming and have better handling of the Kafka Offsets and handle failures."
0	"Included below are hyper parameters to get equivalent or better results to those included in the original paper."
0	"If you know of a better method, let me know (or even better open a pull request)!"
0	"A key-value store is the basis for more complex systems such as a document store, and in some cases, a graph database."
0	"At least Neo4j and OrientDB can’t stand out in this test despite it’s a simple graph traversal. "
0	"Java and Python have many similarities. "
0	"With a flexible data model, you can use a multi-model database in many different situation without the need to learn new technologies. A short selection of real life tasks has been given here."
0	"the queue size can become larger than memory."
0	"KaTeX is faster than MathJax on mobile environment, but MathJax supports more features and is much more beautiful."
0	"Fail-over adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"At least Neo4j and OrientDB can’t stand out in this test despite it’s a simple graph traversal. "
0	"According to the same story, Python is one of the top ten fastest growing languages. "
0	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable."
0	"Comparing the speed, developers note that the latter one lacks speed and experience difficulties with large data volumes, so it’ll be a better choice for companies with smaller databases and looking for a more general solution. "
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"Increasing this number will slightly improve the performance, but also cause training to be less stable."
0	"Regex require less boilerplate when compared to Python's standard `re` module."
0	"Most of the other fast-gainers are new languages, while Python has been around longer than Java."
0	"`dendrogram` more elegantly handles extremely large datasets by simply flipping to a horizontal configuration."
0	"The Completer API is a much more powerful way to integrate with YCM and it."
0	"As PostgreSQL offers the JSON data type as well, you might want to check the performance is beyond everything you want to accept. "
0	"Both are open-source and easily available, as well as both systems offer commercial versions with tons of additional features."
0	"**Please note**: This method is less efficient than `observeNetworkConnectivity(context)` method, because in default observing strategy, it opens socket connection with remote host (default is www.google.com) every two seconds with two seconds of timeout and consumes data transfer."
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"They are both members of the Algol family, although Python deviates further from C/C++ than Java does."
0	"Sharding adds more hardware and additional complexity."
0	"After working on large projects in both languages, I feel secure saying that Python’s syntax is more concise than Java’s. It’s easier to get up and running quickly with a new project in Python than it is in Java. Python wins again."
0	"The default QRNN models can be far faster than the cuDNN LSTM model, with the speed-ups depending on how much of a bottleneck the RNN is."
0	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries. "
0	"The test results show that ArangoDB can compete with leading databases in their fields and also with the other multi-model database, OrientDB. "
0	"All things considered, Python’s advantages outweigh the disadvantages. If you’re not already considering it, give it another look."
0	"Both languages compile to bytecode, but Python is (usually) compiled at runtime. "
0	"Tron Virtual Machine (TVM) allow anyone to develop decentralized applications (DAPPs) for themselves or their communities with smart contracts thereby making decentralized crowdfunding and token issuance easier than ever.\r"
0	"Memory is our pain point when compared to other systems and it will be addressed in the next major release. "
0	"It provides a simpler and more interactive SQL interface for stream processing on Kafka if compared with other solutions."
0	"All other databases are much slower than ArangoDB, from factor x2.5 in MongoDB to x20 in case of OrientDB."
0	"Both languages have strong cross-platform support and extensive standard libraries. "
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"much faster as MRF loss is the slowest part of the algorithm."
0	"Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust."
0	"Remote calls are usually slower and less reliable than local calls so it is helpful to distinguish RPC calls from local calls."
0	"The library is faster than other libraries on most of the transformations."
0	"Comparing their performance is difficult since both management systems are extremely useful and the core differences underlie their basic operations and initial approach. "
0	"Here is a slightly more complex example that launches a registry on port 5000, using an Amazon S3 bucket to store images with a custom path, and enables the search endpoint."
0	"It is faster at single document reads but couldn’t compete when it comes to aggregations or 2nd neighbors selections. "
0	"the default and requires less GPU memory but is less accurate then brute."
0	"Comparing the speed, developers note that the latter one lacks speed and experience difficulties with large data volumes, so it’ll be a better choice for companies with smaller databases and looking for a more general solution. "
0	"Whether Python’s dynamic typing is better than Java’s static approach is subjective. "
0	"Java’s just-in-time compilation gives it an advantage over Python’s interpreted performance. "
0	"A key-value store is the basis for more complex systems such as a document store, and in some cases, a graph database."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License."
0	"TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE, IN NO EVENT WILL THE LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHER LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS PUBLIC LICENSE OR USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIAL, EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES."
0	"Section 4 -- Sui Generis Database Rights."
0	"See the GNU General Public License for more details."
0	"License  Copyright (c) 2018-present, harismuneer, MahamAmjad."
0	"Copyright/License Although I maintain copyright over the content of this document, I am providing it here to help others who might need to write up their thesis."
0	"For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity."
0	"You must include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, the Adapter's License You apply."
0	"Downstream recipients."
0	"TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE, IN NO EVENT WILL THE LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHER LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS PUBLIC LICENSE OR USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIAL, EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES."
0	"CC0 1.0 Universal  Statement of Purpose  The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work")."
0	"Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."
0	"For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof."
0	"Copyright {yyyy} {name of copyright owner} Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2018 Oleksii Trekhleb  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"Trademarks."
0	"Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format."
0	"License MIT."
0	"The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format."
0	"See the LICENSE file for more information."
0	"d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this CC0 or use of the Work."
0	"You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License."
0	"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program."
0	"Redistribution."
0	"See the LICENSE file for details."
0	"Definitions."
0	"Copyright 2013, 2014 Engine Yard, Inc."
0	"The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form."
0	"Definitions."
0	"Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose."
0	"The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work."
0	"MIT License  Copyright (c) 2017 Srdjan Susnic  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:  (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License, and  (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files, and  (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, and  (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works, within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works, or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear."
0	"Trademarks."
0	"For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof."
0	"While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License."
0	"j. Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this Public License."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate parts of the General Public License."
0	"Where the Licensed Rights include Sui Generis Database Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material: . for the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(a)(1) grants You the right to extract, reuse, reproduce, and Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database for NonCommercial purposes only, . if You include all or a substantial portion of the database contents in a database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights, then the database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights (but not its individual contents) is Adapted Material, including for purposes of Section 3(b), and . You must comply with the conditions in Section 3(a) if You Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"{one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.}"
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others."
0	""You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License."
0	"The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License."
0	"This Public License applies for the term of the Copyright and Similar Rights licensed here."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	"Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights that is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material and in which the Licensed Material is translated, altered, arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in a manner requiring permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the Licensor."
0	"License Stetho is MIT-licensed."
0	"Copyright (C) {year}  {name of author}  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version."
0	"For license information regarding the FFHQ dataset, please refer to the Flickr-Faces-HQ repository."
0	"The Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any right or authority to forbid You from making technical modifications necessary to exercise the Licensed Rights, including technical modifications necessary to circumvent Effective Technological Measures."
0	"Patent and trademark rights are not licensed under this Public License."
0	""Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner."
0	"See the GNU General Public License for more details."
0	"License Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0."
0	"To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own identifying information."
0	"Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability."
0	"The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a)."
0	"Copyright (C) {year}  {name of author}  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version."
0	"THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OR ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN OR DISCOVERABLE."
0	""Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files."
0	"If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed."
0	"THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OR ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN OR DISCOVERABLE."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	"Licensed under the New BSD License."
0	"RANGER Studio LLC owns all Directus trademarks and logos on behalf of our project's community."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	"Additional offer from the Licensor -- Adapted Material."
0	"Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	"License Copyright 2016 Twitter, Inc."
0	"The weights were originally shared under  BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License  on the  PerceptualSimilarity  repository."
0	"database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, and under any national implementation thereof, including any amended or successor version of such directive), and ii."
0	"BSD 2-Clause License  Copyright (c) 2017, Romain Tavenard All rights reserved."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	"In addition to the conditions in Section 3(a), if You Share Adapted Material You produce, the following conditions also apply."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format."
0	"No endorsement."
0	"Shogun is distributed under [BSD 3-clause license](doc/license/LICENSE.md), with optional GPL3 components."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form."
0	"License: Stetho is MIT-licensed."
0	"e. Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international agreements."
0	"Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the Work."
0	"Credits  Font Awesome Sql.js KnexJS  License"
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form."
0	""Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship."
0	"Apache License ersion 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 1."
0	"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT."
0	"Limitation of Liability."
0	"The GNU General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs."
0	"Grant of Patent License."
0	"MIT License   Copyright (c) 2018 omi  4399.omi@gmail.com   Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:   The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions."
0	"License This library is released under the Apache Software License, version 2, which should be included with the source in a file named "LICENSE.md"."
0	"c. BY-NC-SA Compatible License means a license listed at creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses, approved by Creative Commons as essentially the equivalent of this Public License."
0	"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), ou may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
0	"It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively state the exclusion of warranty, and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found."
0	"Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity, privacy, and/or other similar personality rights, however, to the extent possible, the Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any such rights held by the Licensor to the limited extent necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed Rights, but not otherwise."
0	"Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted."
0	"Of course, your program's commands might be different, for a GUI interface, you would use an "about box"."
0	""Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work."
0	"See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License."
0	"Disclaimer of Warranty."
0	"The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
0	"Section 2 -- Scope.License grant."
0	"Because this is my personal repository, the license you receive to my code and resources is from me and not my employer (Facebook)."
0	"You may obtain a copy of the License at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied."
0	"For the avoidance of doubt, where Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with its terms and conditions."
0	"a notice that refers to the disclaimer of warranties,  v. a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent reasonably practicable,  b. indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and retain an indication of any previous modifications, and  c. indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, this Public License."
0	"moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s), ii."
0	"To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own identifying information."
0	"Contact us for help."
0	"For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of additional consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work (the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal effect of CC0 on those rights."
0	"All components are licensed under the Apache license, version 2.0, except for pcap4j."
0	"You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License."
0	"We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives."
0	"IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."
0	"In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
0	"This project is released under a permissive new BSD open source license."
0	"You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License."
0	"A Modern PostgreSQL client for Mac."
0	"Compalex is a lightweight script to compare two database schemas."
0	"Creates a connection with the given URI."
0	"A streaming-first runtime that supports both batch processing and data streaming programs"
0	"A Modern PostgreSQL client for Mac."
0	"A flexible framework of neural networks for deep learning."
0	"Powerful version control with a gorgeous interface."
0	"ML-Ensemble – high performance ensemble learning."
0	"Even assuming a mature version of pix2code able to generate GUI code with 100% accuracy for every platforms/languages in the universe, front-enders will still be needed to implement the logic, the interactive parts, the advanced graphics and animations, and all the features users love."
0	"Deep learning in Python."
0	"Make backups of your DBs."
0	"Compalex is a lightweight script to compare two database schemas."
0	"Built-in support for iterative programs (BSP) in the DataSet (batch) API"
0	"Supports most popular databases."
0	"Declarative statistical visualization library for Python."
0	"A Python Automated Machine Learning tool that optimizes machine learning pipelines using genetic programming."
0	"It helps a lot in figuring out where things might go wrong."
0	"A free, open-source tool for making diagrams and GUI prototyping."
0	"An introduction to Bayesian methods + probabilistic programming with a computation/understanding-first, mathematics-second point of view. "
0	"Write and evaluate mathematical equations involving multidimensional arrays easily."
0	"A fast email client."
0	"Ease of use: CXF is designed to be intuitive and easy to use. There are simple APIs to quickly build code-first services, Maven plug-ins to make tooling integration easy, JAX-WS API support, Spring 2.x XML support to make configuration a snap, and much more."
0	"Helps you into setting up a personal IPSEC VPN in the cloud."
0	"As a distributed extension of Caffe, CaffeOnSpark supports neural network model training, testing, and feature extraction. Caffe users can now perform distributed learning using their existing LMDB data files and minorly adjusted network configuration (as illustrated)."
0	"Maybe prose is more useful after all."
0	"Luigi is a Python (2.7, 3.6, 3.7 tested) package that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs. It handles dependency resolution, workflow management, visualization, handling failures, command line integration, and much more."
0	"Built-in review tools make code review an essential part of your team’s process."
0	"Supports most popular databases."
0	"Warning: This project does not have any current developer. See bellow."
0	"Scalable user load testing tool written in Python."
0	"Scalable user load testing tool written in Python."
0	"A collection of design patterns/idioms in Python."
0	"Modularity. A model is understood as a sequence or a graph of standalone, fully configurable modules that can be plugged together with as few restrictions as possible. In particular, neural layers, cost functions, optimizers, initialization schemes, activation functions and regularization schemes are all standalone modules that you can combine to create new models."
0	"Machine learning for NeuroImaging in Python."
0	"The easy-to-use and developer-friendly CMS."
0	"Then, using a single command, you create and start all the services from your configuration."
0	"OLEDB Simple and compact class library for working with the MS OLE Database."
0	"A polyglot reactive application platform for the JVM which aims to be an alternative to node.js."
0	"Python Integration with the .NET Common Language Runtime (CLR)."
0	"The Python micro framework for building web applications."
0	"In case if you want to change the code and experiment with demo notebook you need to launch the notebook in Binder."
0	"Process signal/event dispatching system."
0	"Record your screen and export to GIF."
0	"Server-to-server direct communication (Ethernet or InfiniBand) achieves faster learning and eliminates scalability bottleneck."
0	"A png image assembler/disassembler app."
0	"MILK: Machine Learning Toolkit."
0	"Caffe: a fast open framework for deep learning."
0	"Deep Learning GPU Training System."
0	"Robust IO tools for loading data from flat files (CSV and delimited), Excel files, databases, and saving/loading data from the ultrafast HDF5 format"
0	"pix2code: Generating Code from a Graphical User Interface Screenshot."
0	"Please refer to the website for details of finding the issue tracker, email lists, IRC and Gitter chat"
0	"Known Issues There are some issues which Tinker can't dynamic update."
0	"A toolkit for developing and comparing reinforcement learning algorithms."
0	"Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool."
0	"simple artificial intelligence utilities."
0	"The extensible command-line chat client."
0	"Free open-source video editor."
0	"High performance, easy-to-use, and scalable machine learning (ML) package, including linear model (LR), factorization machines (FM), and field-aware factorization machines (FFM) for Python and CLI interface."
0	"Contributions"
0	"A flexible tool for creating, organizing, and sharing visualizations of live, rich data. Supports Torch and Numpy."
0	"Usage examples: market segmentation, social networks analysis, organize computing clusters, astronomical data analysis, image compression, etc."
0	"An interactive TLS-capable intercepting HTTP proxy for penetration testers and software developers."
0	"A collective list of free APIs for use in software and web development."
0	"A simple, powerful, beautiful media player."
0	"Bazel runs on Windows, macOS, and Linux."
0	"See also the section on architecture and the section on creating your own components."
0	"Directus is an open-source suite of software that provides an instant API wrapper for SQL databases and an intuitive Admin App for non-technical users to manage that content."
0	"Advanced Python REPL built on top of the  python-prompt-toolkit."
0	"Customization: Custom losses, metrics, scheduling, optimizers, tensorboard; suits all your custom needs."
0	"A professional color matching application for your Mac."
0	"Fault Tolerance"
0	"(Python standard library) Logging facility for Python."
0	"Clustered Executor Service"
0	"Incremental learning is supported to leverage previously trained models or snapshots."
0	"Compatibility layers for Apache Hadoop MapReduce"
0	"In case if you want to change the code and experiment with demo notebook you need to launch the notebook in Binder."
0	"youtube-dl is a command-line program to download videos from YouTube.com and a few more sites. It requires the Python interpreter, version 2.6, 2.7, or 3.2+, and it is not platform specific. It should work on your Unix box, on Windows or on macOS. It is released to the public domain, which means you can modify it, redistribute it or use it however you like."
0	"Providing best-practice pipelines for fully automated high throughput sequencing analysis."
0	"Lightweight, Python library for fast and reproducible experimentation :microscope:."
0	"A very simple framework for state-of-the-art Natural Language Processing (NLP)."
0	"Luigi is a Python module that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs. It handles dependency resolution, workflow management, visualization etc. It also comes with Hadoop support built in. ."
0	"Creates a property for given relationship."
0	"Create your own challenges, categories, hints, and flags from the Admin Interface."
0	"Updated `LogSoftMax` to use more numerically stable implementation."
0	"Portable development environment for Windows 7/8."
0	"Lightweight library to build and train neural networks in Theano."
0	"Simple, Pythonic remote execution and deployment."
0	"scikit-learn: machine learning in Python."
0	"Collocation of Compute and Data"
0	"A chemical toolbox designed to speak the many languages of chemical data."
0	"aka "Bayesian Methods for Hackers": An introduction to Bayesian methods + probabilistic programming with a computation/understanding-first, mathematics-second point of view. All in pure Python ;)  ."
0	"StreamField encourages flexible content without compromising structure."
0	"Tools for BPF-based Linux IO analysis, networking, monitoring, and more."
0	"Powerful, flexible group by functionality to perform split-apply-combine operations on data sets, for both aggregating and transforming data"
0	"Fault Tolerance"
0	"Web Services Standards Support: CXF supports a variety of web service standards including SOAP, the Basic Profile, WSDL, WS-Addressing, WS-Policy, WS-ReliableMessaging, WS-Security, WS-SecurityPolicy, WS-SecureConversation, and WS-Trust."
0	"library for creating command line interfaces from absolutely any Python object."
0	"Deletes a row or rows where condition is true."
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"You will get a lot of useful enhancements that will improve Redmine usability: ability to replace the standard preloader that blocks the entire page; ability to hide the sidebar, fast preview of photos and others."
0	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging."
0	"Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website."
0	"Users have become familiar with interface elements acting in a certain way, so try to be consistent and predictable in your choices and their layout."
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"Models are based on psychological principles and experimental studies to determine times for cognitive processing and motor movements. "
0	"The 5 Es – efficient, effective, engaging, error tolerant and easy to learn – describe the multi-faceted characteristics of usability. Interfaces are evaluated against the combination of these characteristics which best describe the user’s requirements for success and satisfaction."
0	"Can you easily distinguish every color in the random section of the map (the lower left)? If you have a ten-class map, you should be able to see clearly ten unique colors."
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"You can direct attention toward or redirect attention away from items using color, light, contrast, and texture to your advantage."
0	"Efficiency is the ability to perform the intended task with desired speed. "
0	"The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable."
0	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging."
0	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture."
0	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture."
0	"You'll be running your own usability test and use the results of this test to give you guidance as you iterate on an application."
0	"This includes testing the system for both learnability and usability. "
0	"A user experience designer can control accessibility, user interface, information architecture and usability to suit the uncontrolled aspects like goals, user lifestyle and habits. "
0	"The task of differentiating the colors, however, becomes much harder when the patterns on the map are complex, such as in the lower left corner of the diagnostic map."
0	"Easy, automatic and powerful information display system."
0	"One of the students will facilitate the test and write down the questions about UX/UI aspects of the app. "
0	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture."
0	"Usability means evaluation."
0	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects. "
0	"A usability study may be conducted as a primary job function by a usability analyst or as a secondary job function by designers, technical writers, marketing personnel, and others."
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"It is the comparison of usability with technology and without technology. "
0	"Human–computer interaction (HCI) researches the design and use of computer technology, focused on the interfaces between people (users) and computers."
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. "
0	"Different sizes, fonts, and arrangement of the text to help increase scanability, legibility and readability."
0	"This includes testing the system for both learnability and usability. "
0	"Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction. "
0	"Usability relies on user-feedback through evaluation rather than simply trusting the experience and expertise of the designer. Unlike conventional software acceptance testing, usability evaluation involves watching real people use a product (or prototype), and using what is learned to improve the product."
0	"One of the students will facilitate the test and write down the questions about UX/UI aspects of the app. "
0	"The best interfaces are almost invisible to the user. "
0	"End-users are the best source of information, though most complex products and websites have multiple user groups so it becomes even more important to get the all the facts, across the board, not only preferences but needs and wants, the full set of information helps to ensure consistency and accuracy before finalizing on a usability direction."
0	"UI brings together concepts from interaction design, visual design, and information architecture."
0	"Colour can determine if the user should be careful or not, or if the user need to take action within the HCI, or it can also tell the user that there is nothing to worry about. Designers use color to help users use HCI's. "
0	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met. "
0	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects. "
0	"Check that each one looks noticeably different not only from the background green (easy) but also from each other."
0	"Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction. "
0	"Usability considerations, such as who the users are and their experience with similar systems must be examined. "
0	"Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website."
0	"Usability-As-A-Service tool for Web Applications."
0	"Input Controls: buttons, text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, dropdown lists, list boxes, toggles, date field."
0	"Sample usable entry-form for e-commerce website."
0	"The combination of analysis, design and evaluation all approached starting from the user’s point of view creates usable products."
0	"Once a user learns how to do something, they should be able to transfer that skill to other parts of the site. "
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device."
0	"UX design uses the controlled aspects of technology to suit the uncontrolled."
0	"Plugin for Redmine, which allows to improve the usability of Redmine."
0	"Usability is not about making everything easy. The three main enhancements to the end-users experience from a usable product are efficiency, effectiveness and ultimately satisfaction. "
0	"Automatic and explicit data alignment: objects can be explicitly aligned to a set of labels, or the user can simply ignore the labels and let Series, DataFrame, etc. automatically align the data for you in computations"
0	"Memorability: When users return to the design after a period of not using it, how easily can they re-establish proficiency?"
0	"Syntax Highlighting - Language specific syntax highlighting with multiple color schemes."
0	"Cognitive modeling involves creating a computational model to estimate how long it takes people to perform a given task. "
0	"Usability first as design concept."
0	"Colour can determine if the user should be careful or not, or if the user need to take action within the HCI, or it can also tell the user that there is nothing to worry about. Designers use color to help users use HCI's. "
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"Can you easily distinguish every color in the random section of the map (the lower left)? If you have a ten-class map, you should be able to see clearly ten unique colors."
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"Perception is what the user see's and feels when they are using a HCI. To help us see, feel and use a HCI designers use colors, patterns and objects. "
0	"Usability means evaluation."
0	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging."
0	"Syntax Highlighting - Language specific syntax highlighting with multiple color schemes."
0	"Keep the interface simple. "
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"The design team should be user-driven and it should be in direct contact with potential users. "
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"Plugin for Redmine, which allows to improve the usability of Redmine."
0	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product. "
0	"Within each large band of color on the map, we placed several polygons filled with each map color (‘outliers’)."
0	"Users are satisfied when an interface is user-centered – when their goals, mental models, tasks and requirements are all met. "
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"Easy, automatic and powerful information display system."
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"It is the satisfaction of the end user with what they are capable of doing with the interface."
0	"End-users are the best source of information, though most complex products and websites have multiple user groups so it becomes even more important to get the all the facts, across the board, not only preferences but needs and wants, the full set of information helps to ensure consistency and accuracy before finalizing on a usability direction."
0	"Create consistency and use common UI elements. By using common elements in your UI, users feel more comfortable and are able to get things done more quickly. "
0	"Easy to learn, with: standard system commands, colour coding, on-screen help facilities, clearly written user / system documentation,"
0	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product. "
0	"The more types of testing and more actual end-users you test the more accurately you will shape the usability of your product. "
0	"Learnability: How easy is it for users to accomplish basic tasks the first time they encounter the design?"
0	"Usability means evaluation."
0	"Use typography to create hierarchy and clarity. "
0	"You can direct attention toward or redirect attention away from items using color, light, contrast, and texture to your advantage."
0	"They avoid unnecessary elements and are clear in the language they use on labels and in messaging."
0	"It is natural for us as humans to think that red means dangerous, yellow means be careful and green means that everything is fine, and designers use this to their advantage and to help us make HCI's more easy to use. "
0	"Usability is the ease of use and learnability of a human-made object such as a tool or device. "
0	"It’s usually a good idea to look at the usability improvements first. "
0	"In software engineering, usability is the degree to which a software can be used by specified consumers to achieve quantified objectives with effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction in a quantified context of use."
0	"Successful software projects please customers, streamline processes, or otherwise add value to your business."
0	"Errors: How many errors do users make, how severe are these errors, and how easily can they recover from the errors?"
0	"Iterative design is a design methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining a product or process.Based on the results of testing the most recent iteration of a design, changes and refinements are made. "
0	"Easy, automatic and powerful information display system."
0	"Simple interface to facilitate user adoption."
0	"Usability testing can be as simple as a free questionnaire or having a friend or colleague use your product. "
0	"The best interfaces are almost invisible to the user. "
0	"The first goal of usability is efficiency and effectiveness while aesthetic value comes after a product has proven to be usable."
